Francois D'Albert, Hungarian-born violinist who made his New York debut three years ago, played a return engagement last night in Judson Hall. He is now president of the Chicago Conservatory College. His pianist was Donald Jenni, a faculty member at DePaul University.   
The acoustics of the small hall had been misgauged by the artists, so that for the first half of the program, when the piano was partially open, Mr& Jenni's playing was too loud. In vying with him, Mr& D'Albert also seemed to be overdriving his tone.   
This was not an overriding drawback to enjoyment of the performances, however, except in the case of the opening work, Mozart's Sonata in ~A (K& 526), which clattered along noisily in an unrelieved fashion.   
Brahm's Sonata in ~A, although also vigorous, stood up well under the two artists' strong, large-scale treatment. Mr& D'Albert has a firm, attractive tone, which eschews an overly sweet vibrato. He made the most of the long Brahmsian phrases, and by the directness and drive of his playing gave the work a handsome performance.   
A Sonata for Violin and Piano, called "Bella Bella", by Robert Fleming, was given its first United States performance. The title refers to the nickname given his wife by the composer, who is also a member of the National Film Board of Canada. The work's two movements, one melodically sentimental, the other brightly capricious, are clever enough in a Ravel-like style, but they rehash a wornout idiom. They might well indicate conjugal felicity, but in musical terms that smack of Hollywood.   
Works by Dohnanyi, Hubay, Mr& D'Albert himself and Paganini, indicated that the violinist had some virtuoso fireworks up his sleeve as well as a reserved attitude toward a lyric phrase. Standard items by Sarasate and Saint-Saens completed the program. @

IN recent years Anna Xydis has played with the New York Philharmonic and at Lewisohn Stadium, but her program last night at Town Hall was the Greek-born pianist's first New York recital since 1948.   
Miss Xydis has a natural affinity for the keyboard, and in the twenty years since her debut here she has gained the authority and inner assurance that lead to audience control. And the tone she commands is always beautiful in sound.   
Since she also has considerable technical virtuosity and a feeling for music in the romantic tradition, Miss Xydis gave her listeners a good deal of pleasure. She played with style and a touch of the grand manner, and every piece she performed was especially effective in its closing measures.

The second half of her program was devoted to Russian composers of this century. It was in them that Miss Xydis was at her best. The Rachmaninoff Prelude No& 12, Op& 32, for instance, gave her an opportunity to exploit one of her special facilities- the ability to produce fine deep-sounding bass tones while contrasting them simultaneously with fine silver filagree in the treble.   
The four Kabalevsky Preludes were also assured, rich in color and songful. And the Prokofieff Seventh Sonata had the combination of romanticism and modern bravura that Prokofieff needs.   
Miss Xydis' earlier selections were Mendelssohn's Variations Serieuses, in which each variation was nicely set off from the others; Haydn's Sonata in ~E minor, which was unfailingly pleasant in sound, and Chopin's Sonata in ~B flat minor. A memory lapse in the last somewhat marred the pianist's performance. So what was the deepest music on her program had the poorest showing. Miss Xydis was best when she did not need to be too probing.

ALL the generals who held important commands in World War /2, did not write books. It only seems as if they did. And the best books by generals were not necessarily the first ones written. One of the very best is only now published in this country, five years after its first publication in England. It is "Defeat Into Victory", by Field Marshal Viscount Slim.   
A long book heavily weighted with military technicalities, in this edition it is neither so long nor so technical as it was originally. Field Marshal Slim has abridged it for the benefit of "those who, finding not so great an attraction in accounts of military moves and counter-moves, are more interested in men and their reactions to stress, hardship and danger". The man whose reactions and conclusions get the most space is, of course, the Field Marshal himself.   
William Joseph Slim, First Viscount Slim, former Governor General of Australia, was the principal British commander in the field during the Burma War. He had been a corps commander during the disastrous defeat and retreat of 1942 when the ill-prepared, ill-equipped British forces "were outmaneuvered, outfought and outgeneraled". He returned in command of an international army of Gurkhas, Indians, Africans, Chinese and British. And in a series of bitterly fought battles in the jungles and hills and along the great rivers of Burma he waged one of the most brilliant campaigns of the war. "The Forgotten War" his soldiers called the Burma fighting because the war in Africa and Europe enjoyed priorities in equipment and in headlines.   
Parts of "Defeat Into Victory" are a tangle of Burmese place names and military units, but a little application makes everything clear enough. On the whole this is an interesting and exceptionally well-written book. Field Marshal Slim is striking in description, amusing in many anecdotes. He has a pleasant sense of humor and is modest enough to admit mistakes and even "a cardinal error". He praises many individuals generously. He himself seems to be tough, tireless, able and intelligent, more intellectual and self-critical than most soldiers.

#REMAKING AN ARMY TO WIN#

"Defeat Into Victory" is a dramatic and lively military narrative. But it is most interesting in its account of the unending problems of high command, of decisions and their reasons, of the myriad matters that demand attention in addition to battle action.   
Before he could return to Burma, Field Marshal Slim had to rally the defeated remnants of a discouraged army and unite them with fresh recruits. His remarks about training, discipline, morale, leadership and command are enlightening. He believed in making inspiring speeches and he made a great many. He believed in being seen near the front lines and he was there. For general morale reasons and to encourage the efforts of his supply officers, when food was short for combat troops he cut the rations of his headquarters staff accordingly.

Other crucial matters required constant supervision: labor and all noncombatant troops, whose morale was vital, too; administrative organization and delicate diplomatic relations with Top Brass- British, American and Chinese; health, hygiene, medical aid and preventive medicine; hospitals (inadequate) and nurses (scanty); food and military supplies; logistics and transport; airdrops and airstrips; roads and river barges to be built.

#EXPECTED OF A COMMANDER#

Commenting on these and other matters, Field Marshal Slim makes many frank and provocative remarks:   "When in doubt as to two courses of action, a general should choose the bolder".   
"The commander has failed in <his> duty if he has not won victory- for that <is> his duty".   
"It only does harm to talk to troops about new and desirable equipment which others may have but which you cannot give them. It depresses them. So I made no mention of air transport until we could get at least some of it".   
Field Marshal Slim is more impressed by the courage of Japanese soldiers than he is by the ability of their commanders. Of the Japanese private he says: "He fought and marched till he died. If 500 Japanese were ordered to hold a position, we had to kill 495 before it was ours- and then the last five killed themselves".

Brooding about future wars, the Field Marshal has this to say: "The Asian fighting man is at least equally brave [as the white], usually more careless of death, less encumbered by mental doubts, less troubled by humanitarian sentiment, and not so moved by slaughter and mutilation around him. He is, by background and living standards, better fitted to endure hardship uncomplainingly, to demand less in the way of subsistence or comfort, and to look after himself when thrown on his own resources".

A bunch of young buckaroos from out West, who go by the name of Texas Boys Choir, loped into Town Hall last night and succeeded in corralling the hearts of a sizable audience.   
Actually, the program they sang was at least two-thirds serious and high-minded, and they sang it beautifully. Under the capable direction of the choir's founder, Geroge Bragg, the twenty-six boys made some lovely sounds in an opening group of Renaissance and baroque madrigals and motets, excerpts from Pergolesi's "Stabat Mater" and all of the Britten "Ceremonial of Carols".   
Their singing was well-balanced, clear and, within obvious limitations, extremely pleasing. The limitations are those one expects from untrained and unsettled voices- an occasional shrillness of almost earsplitting intensity, an occasional waver and now and then a bleat.   
But Mr& Bragg is a remarkably gifted conductor, and the results he has produced with his boys are generally superior. Most surprising of all, he has accomplished some prodigies in training for the production of words. The Latin, for example, was not only clear; it was even beautiful.

Furthermore, there were solid musical virtues in the interpretation of the music. Lines came out neatly and in good balance. Tempos were lively. The piano accompaniments by Istvan Szelenyi were stylish.

A boy soprano named Dixon Boyd sang a Durante solo motet and a few other passages enchantingly. Other capable soloists included David Clifton, Joseph Schockler and Pat Thompson.   
The final group included folk songs from back home, stomped out, shouted and chanted with irresistible spirit and in cowboy costume. Boys will be boys, and Texans will be Texans. The combination proved quite irresistible last night. @

THE Polish song and dance company called Mazowsze, after the region of Poland, where it has its headquarters, opened a three-week engagement at the City Center last night. A thoroughly ingratiating company it is, and when the final curtain falls you may suddenly realize that you have been sitting with a broad grin on your face all evening.   
Not that it is all funny, by any means, though some of it is definitely so, but simply that the dancers are young and handsome, high-spirited and communicative, and the program itself is as vivacious as it is varied. There is no use at all in trying to follow it dance by dance and title by title, for it has a kind of nonstop format, and moves along in an admirable continuity that demands no pauses for identification.   
The material is all basically of folk origin, gleaned from every section of Poland. But under the direction of Mira Ziminska-Sygietynska, who with her late husband founded the organization in 1948, it has all been put into theatrical form, treated selectively, choreographed specifically for presentation to spectators, and performed altogether professionally. Under the surface of the wide range of folk movements is apparent a sound technical ballet training, and an equally professional sense of performing. #@#

Since the organization was created thirteen years ago, it is obvious that this is not the original company; it is more likely the sons and daughters of that company. The girls are charming children and the men are wonderfully vital and engaging youngsters. The stage is constantly full of them; indeed, there are never fewer than eight of them on stage, and that is only for the more intimate numbers. They can be exuberant or sentimental, flirtatious or funny, but the only thing they seem unable to be is dull.   
To pick out particular numbers is something of a problem, but one or two identifiable items are too conspicuously excellent to be missed. There is for example, a stunning Krakowiak that closes the first act; the mazurka choreographed by Witold Zapala to music from Moniuszko's opera, "Strasny Dwor', may be the most beautiful mazurka you are likely ever to see; there is an enchanting polonaise; and the dances and songs from the Tatras contain a magnificent dance for the men.   
Everywhere there are little touches of humor, and the leader of the on-stage band of musicians is an ebullient comedian who plays all sorts of odd instruments with winning warmth.

The {THEATRE-BY-THE-SEA}, Matunuck, presents "King of Hearts" by Jean Kerr and Eleanor Brooke. Directed by Michael Murray; settings by William David Roberts. The cast: @

Producer John Holmes has chosen a delightful comedy for his season's opener at Matunuck in Jean Kerr's "King of Hearts".

The dialogue is sharp, witty and candid- typical "don't eat the daisies" material- which has stamped the author throughout her books and plays, and it was obvious that the Theatre-by-the-Sea audience liked it.   
The story is of a famous strip cartoonist, an arty individual, whose specialty is the American boy and who adopts a 10-year-old to provide him with fresh idea material.   
This is when his troubles begin, not to mention a fiedgling artist who he hires, and who turns out to have ideas of his own, with particular respect to the hero's sweetheart-secretary.   
John Heffernan, playing Larry Larkin, the cartoonist, carries the show in marvelous fashion. His portrayal of an edgy head-in-the-clouds artist is virtually flawless.

This may be unfortunate, perhaps, from the standpoint of David Hedison, Providence's contribution to Hollywood, who is appearing by special arrangement with 20th Century-Fox. Not that Mr& Hedison does not make the most of his role. He does, and more. But the book is written around a somewhat dizzy cartoonist, and it has to be that way.   
A word should be said for Gary Morgan, a Broadway youngsters who, as the adopted son, makes life miserable for nearly everybody and Larkin in particular. And for his playmate, Francis Coletta of West Warwick, who has a bit part, Billy. On the whole, audiences will like this performance. It is a tremendous book, lively, constantly moving, and the Matunuck cast does well by it.

The {NEWPORT PLAYHOUSE} presents {"EPITAPH FOR GEORGE DILLON"} by John Osborne and Anthony Creighton, directed by Wallace Gray.   
The cast: @   The angriest young man in Newport last night was at the Playhouse, where "Epitaph for George Dillon" opened as the jazz festival closed.   
For the hero of this work by John Osborne and Anthony Creighton is a chap embittered by more than the lack of beer during a jam session. He's mad at a world he did not make.   
Furthermore, he's something of a scoundrel, an artist whose mind and feelings are all finger-tips. This is in contrast to the family with whom he boards. They not only think and feel cliches but live cliches as well.   
It is into this household, one eroded by irritations that have tortured the souls out of its people, that George Dillon enters at the beginning of the play.   
An unsuccessful playwright and actor, he has faith only in himself and in a talent he is not sure exists. By the end of the third act, the artist is dead but the body lingers on, a shell among other shells.   
Not altogether a successful play, "Epitaph for George Dillon" overcomes through sheer vitality and power what in a lesser work might be crippling. It is awfully talky, for instance, and not all of the talk is terribly impressive. But it strikes sparks on occasion and their light causes all else to be forgotten. There is a fine second act, as an example, one in which Samuel Groom, as Dillon, has an opportunity to blaze away in one impassioned passage after another. This is an exciting young actor to watch. Just as exciting but in a more technically proficient way is Laura Stuart, whose complete control of her every movement is lovely to watch. Miss Stuart is as intensely vibrant as one could wish, almost an icy shriek threatening to explode at any moment.   
Also fine are Sue Lawless, as a mother more protective and belligerent than a female spider and just as destructive, Harold Cherry, as her scratchy spouse, and Hildy Weissman, as a vegetable in human form.   
Wallace Gray has directed a difficult play here, usually well, but with just a bit too much physical movement in the first act for my taste. Still, his finale is put together with taste and a most sensitive projection of that pale sustenance, despair.

The {WARWICK MUSICAL THEATER} presents {"Where's Charley?"} with music and lyrics by Frank Loesser, directed by Christopher Hewett, choreography by Peter Conlow, musical direction by Samuel Matlowsky. The cast: @   Everybody fell in love with Amy again last night at the Warwick Musical Theater, and Shelley Berman was to blame.   
One of the finest soft shoe tunes ever invented, "Once in Love with Amy" is also, of course, one of the most tantalizingly persistent of light love lyrics to come out of American musical comedy in our era. So the audience last night was all ears and eyes just after Act /2, got a rousing opening chorus, "Where's Charley?", and Berman sifted out all alone on the stage with the ambling chords and beat of the song just whispering into being.   
It is greatly to Berman's credit that he made no attempt to outdo Ray Bolger. He dropped his earlier and delightful hamming, which is about the only way to handle the old war horse called "Charley's Aunt", and let himself go with as an appealing an "Amy" as anybody could ask.   
In brief, Berman played himself and not Bolger. The big audience started applauding even before he had finished.   
The whole production this week is fresh and lively. The costumes are stunning evocations of the voluminous gowns and picture hats of the Gibson Girl days. The ballet work is on the nose, especially in the opening number by "The New Ashmolean Marching Society and Students' Conservatory Band", along with a fiery and sultry Brazilian fantasia later.   
Berman, whose fame has rested in recent years on his skills as a night club monologist, proved himself very much at home in musical comedy.   
Sparrow-size Virginia Gibson, with sparkling blue eyes and a cheerful smile, made a suitably perky Amy, while Melisande Congdon, as the real aunt, was positively monumental in the very best Gibson Girl manner.

All told, "Where's Charley?" ought not to be missed. It has a fast pace, excellent music, expert direction, and not only a good comedian, but an appealing person in his own right, Mr& Berman.

The Broadway Theater League of Rhode Island presents C& Edwin Knill's and Martin Tahse's production of {"FIORELLO!"} at Veterans Memorial Auditorium. The book is by Jerome Weidman and George Abbott, music by Jerry Bock, lyrics by Sheldon Harnick, choreography by Peter Gennaro, scenery, costumes and lighting by William and Jean Eckart, musical direction by Jack Elliott, and the production was directed by Mr& Abbott. The cast: @   This is one of the happier events of the season. The company which performed the Pulitzer Prize musical here last night and will repeat it twice today is full of bounce, the politicians are in fine voice, the chorines evoke happy memories, and the Little Flower rides to break a lance again.   
I saw "Fiorello!" performed in New York by the original cast and I think this company is every bit as good, and perhaps better.   
Certainly in the matter of principals there is nothing lacking. Bob Carroll may not bear quite as close a physical resemblance to LaGuardia as Tom Bosley does, but I was amazed at the way he became more and more Fiorello as the evening progressed, until one had to catch one's self up and remember that this wasn't really LaGuardia come back among us again.

Then Rudy Bond was simply grand as Ben, the distraught Republican Party district chieftain. And Paul Lipson, as Morris, the faithful one who never gets home to his Shirley's dinner, was fine, too.   
As for the ladies, they were full of charm, and sincerity, and deep and abiding affection for this hurrying driving, honest, little man. Charlotte Fairchild was excellent as the loyal Marie, who became the second Mrs& LaGuardia, singing and acting with remarkable conviction. Jen Nelson, as Thea, his first wife, managed to make that short role impressive. And little Zeme North, a Dora with real spirit and verve, was fascinating whether she was singing of her love for Floyd, the cop who becomes sewer commissioner and then is promoted into garbage, or just dancing to display her exuberant feelings.

Such fascinating novelties in the score as the fugual treatment of "On the Side of the Angels" and "Politics and Poker" were handled splendidly, and I thought Rudy Bond and his band of tuneful ward-heelers made "Little Tin Box" even better than it was done by the New York cast; all the words of its clever lyrics came through with perfect clarity.   
The party at Floyd's penthouse gave the "chorines" a chance for a nostalgic frolic through all those hackneyed routines which have become a classic choreographic statement of the era's nonsense.   
LaGuardia's multi-lingual rallies, when he is running for Congress, are well staged, and wind up in a wild Jewish folk-dance that is really great musical theater.   
Martin Tahse has established quite a reputation for himself as a successful stager of touring productions. Not a corner has been visibly cut in this one. The sets are remarkably elaborate for a road-show that doesn't pause long in any one place, and they are devised so that they shift with a minimum of interruption or obtrusiveness. (Several times recently I have wondered whether shows were being staged for the sake of the script or just to entertain the audience with the spectacle of scenery being shifted right in front of their eyes. I'm glad to say there's none of that distraction in this "Fiorello!")   It has all been done in superb style, and the result is a show which deserves the support of every person hereabouts who enjoys good musical theater.

{LOEW'S THEATER} presents {"Where the Boys are"}, an ~MGM picture produced by Joe Pasternak and directed by Henry Levin from a screenplay by George Wells. The cast: @

Since the hero, a sterling and upright fellow, is a rich Brown senior, while two Yalies are cast as virtual rapists, I suppose I should disqualify myself from sitting in judgment on "Where the Boys are", but I shall do nothing of the sort.   
Instead- and not just to prove my objectivity- I hasten to report that it's a highly amusing film which probably does a fairly accurate job of reporting on the Easter vacation shenanigans of collegians down in Fort Lauderdale, and that it seems to come to grips quite honestly with the moral problem that most commonly vexes youngsters in this age group- that is to say, sex.   
The answers the girls give struck me as reasonably varied and healthily individual. If most of them weren't exactly specific- well, that's the way it is in life, I guess. But at least it's reassuring to see some teenagers who don't profess to know all the answers and are thinking about their problems instead.   
"Where the Boys Are" also has a juvenile bounce that makes for a refreshing venture in comedy. There are some sharp and whipping lines and some hilariously funny situations- the best of the latter being a mass impromptu plunge into a nightclub tank where a "mermaid" is performing.   
Most of the female faces are new, or at least not too familiar. Dolores Hart, is charming in a leading role, and quite believable. I was delighted with Paula Prentiss' comedy performance, which was as fresh and unstilted as one's highest hopes might ask. A couple of the males made good comedy, too- Jim Hutton and Frank Gorshin.   
The only performance which was too soft for me was that of Yvette Mimieux, but since someone had to become the victim of despoilers, just to emphasize that such things do happen at these fracases, I suppose this was the attitude the part called for. I must say, however, that I preferred the acting that had something of a biting edge to it.   
To anyone who remembers Newport at its less than maximum violence, this view of what the boys and girls do in the springtime before they wing north for the Jazz Festival ought to prove entertaining.   
The second feature, {"The Price of Silence"}, is a British detective story that will talk your head off.

The superb intellectual and spiritual vitality of William James was never more evident than in his letters. Here was a man with an enormous gift for living as well as thinking. To both persons and ideas he brought the same delighted interest, the same open-minded relish for what was unique in each, the same discriminating sensibility and quicksilver intelligence, the same gallantry of judgment.   
For this latest addition to the Great Letters Series, under the general editorship of Louis Kronenberger, Miss Hardwick has made a selection which admirably displays the variety of James's genius, not to mention the felicities of his style. And how he could <write!> His famous criticism of brother Henry's "third style" is surely as subtly, even elegantly, worded an analysis of the latter's intricate air castles as Henry himself could ever have produced. His letter to his daughter on the pains of growing up is surely as trenchant, forthright, and warmly understanding a piece of advice as ever a grown-up penned to a sensitive child, and with just the right tone of unpatronizing good humor. #@#

Most of all, his letters to his philosophic colleagues show a magnanimity as well as an honesty which help to explain Whitehead's reference to James as "that adorable genius". Miss Hardwick speaks of his "superb gift for intellectual friendship", and it is certainly a joy to see the intellectual life lived so free from either academic aridity or passionate dogmatism.

This is a virtue of which we have great need in a society where there seems to be an increasing lack of communication- or even desire for communication- between differing schools of thought. It holds an equally valuable lesson for a society where the word "intellectual" has become a term of opprobrium to millions of well-meaning people who somehow imagine that it must be destructive of the simpler human virtues.   
To his Harvard colleague, Josiah Royce, whose philosophic position differed radically from his own, James could write, "Different as our minds are, yours has nourished mine, as no other social influence ever has, and in converse with you I have always felt that my life was being lived importantly".   
Of another colleague, George Santayana, he could write: "The great event in my life recently has been the reading of Santayana's book. Although I absolutely reject the Platonism of it, I have literally squealed with delight at the imperturbable perfection with which the position is laid down on page after page". #@#

Writing to his colleague George Herbert Palmer- "Glorious old Palmer", as he addresses him- James says that if only the students at Harvard could really understand Royce, Santayana, Palmer, and himself and see that their varying systems are "so many religions, ways of fronting life, and worth fighting for", then Harvard would have a genuine philosophic universe. "The best condition of it would be an open conflict and rivalry of the diverse systems **h. The world might ring with the struggle, if we devoted ourselves exclusively to belaboring each other".

The "belaboring" is of course jocular, yet James was not lacking in fundamental seriousness- unless we measure him by that ultimate seriousness of the great religious leader or thinker who stakes all on his vision of God. To James this vision never quite came, despite his appreciation of it in others.   
But there is a dignity and even a hint of the inspired prophet in his words to one correspondent: "You ask what I am going to 'reply' to Bradley. But why need one reply to everything and everybody? **h I think that readers generally hate <minute> polemics and recriminations. All polemic of ours should, I believe, be either very broad statements of contrast, or fine points treated singly, and as far as possible impersonally **h. As far as the rising generation goes, why not simply express ourselves positively, and trust that the truer view quietly will displace the other. Here again 'God will know his own'".

The collected works of James Thurber, now numbering 25 volumes (including the present exhibit) represent a high standard of literary excellence, as every schoolboy knows. The primitive-eclogue quality of his drawings, akin to that of graffiti scratched on a cave wall, is equally well known. About all that remains to be said is that the present selection, most of which appeared first in The New Yorker, comprises (as usual) a slightly unstrung necklace, held together by little more than a slender thread cunningly inserted in the spine of the book.   
The one unifying note, if any, is sounded in the initial article entitled: "How to Get Through the Day". It is repeated at intervals in some rather sadly desperate word-games for insomniacs, the hospitalized, and others forced to rely on inner resources, including (in the ~P's alone) "palindromes", "paraphrases", and "parodies".   
"The Tyranny of Trivia" suggests arbitrary alphabetical associations to induce slumber. And new vistas of hairshirt asceticism are opened by scholarly monographs entitled: "Friends, Romans, Countrymen, Lend Me Your Ear-Muffs", "Such a Phrase as Drifts Through Dream", and "The New Vocabularianism". Some of Thurber's curative methods involve strong potions of mixed metaphor, malapropism, and gobbledygook and are recommended for use only in extreme cases. #@#

A burlesque paean entitled: "Hark the Herald Tribune, Times, and All the Other Angels Sing" brilliantly succeeds in exaggerating even motion-picture ballyhooey. "How the Kooks Crumble" features an amusingly accurate take-off on sneaky announcers who attempt to homogenize radio-~TV commercials, and "The Watchers of the Night" is a veritable waking nightmare.   
A semi-serious literary document entitled "The Wings of Henry James" is noteworthy, if only for a keenly trenchant though little-known comment on the master's difficult later period by modest Owen Wister, author of "The Virginian". James, he remarks in a letter to a friend, "is attempting the impossible **h namely, to produce upon the reader, as a painting produces upon the gazer, a number of superimposed, simultaneous impressions. He would like to put several sentences on top of each other so that you could read them all at once, and get all at once, the various shadings and complexities".   
Equally penetrating in its fashion is the following remark by a lady in the course of a literary conversation: "So much has already been written about everything that you can't find out anything about it". Or the mildly epigrammatic utterance (also a quotation): "Woman's place is in the wrong". Who but Thurber can be counted on to glean such nectareous essences?

A tribute to midsummer "bang-sashes" seems terribly funny, though it would be hard to explain why. "One of them banged the sash of the window nearest my bed around midnight in July and I leaped out of sleep and out of bed. 'It's just a bat' said my wife reassuringly, and I sighed with relief. 'Thank God for that' I said; 'I thought it was a human being'". #@#

In a sense, perhaps, Thurber is indebted artistically to the surrealist painter (was it Salvador Dali?) who first conceived the startling fancy of a picture window in the abdomen. That is, it is literally a picture window: you don't see into the viscera; you see a picture- trees, or flowers. This is something like what Thurber's best effects are like, if I am not mistaken.   
Though no longer able to turn out his protoplasmic pen-and-ink sketches (several old favorites are scattered through the present volume) Thurber has retained unimpaired his vision of humor as a thing of simple, unaffected humanness. In his concluding paragraph he writes: "The devoted writer of humor will continue to try to come as close to truth as he can". For many readers Thurber comes closer than anyone else in sight.

The latest Low is a puzzler. The master's hand has lost none of its craft. He is at his usual best in exposing the shams and self-deceptions of political and diplomatic life in the fifties. The reader meets a few old friends like Blimp and the ~TUC horse, and becomes better acquainted with new members of the cast of characters like the bomb itself, and civilization in her classic robe watching the nuclear arms race, her hair standing straight out.   
But there is a difference between the present volume and the early Low. There is fear in the fifties as his title suggests and as his competent drawings show. But there was terror in the thirties when the Nazis were on the loose and in those days Low struck like lightning. #@#

Anyone can draw his own conclusions from this difference. It might be argued that the Communists are less inhuman than the Nazis and furnish the artist with drama in a lower key. But this argument cannot be pushed very far because the Communist system makes up for any shortcomings of its leaders in respect to corrosion. The Communists wield a power unknown to Hitler. And the leading issue, that of piecemeal aggression, remains the same. This is drama enough.   
Do we ourselves offer Mr& Low less of a crusade? In the thirties we would not face our enemy; that was a nightmarish situation and Low was in his element. Now we have stood up to the Communists; we are stronger and more self-confident- and Low cannot so easily put us to rights.

Or does the reason for less Jovian drawings lie elsewhere? It might be that Low has seen too many stupidities and that they do not outrage him now. He writes, "Confucius held that in times of stress one should take short views- only up to lunchtime".

Whatever the cause, his mood in the fifties rarely rises above the level of the capably sardonic. Dulles? He does not seem to have caught the subtleties of the man. McCarthy? The skies turn dark but the clouds do not loose their wrath. Suez? Low seems to have supported Eden at first and then relented because things worked out differently, so there is no fire in his eye. #@#

Stalin's death, Churchill's farewell to public life, Hillary and Tensing on Everest, Quemoy and Matsu- all subjects for a noble anger or an accolade. Instead the cartoons seem to deal with foibles. Their Eisenhower is insubstantial. Did Low decide to let well enough alone when he made his selections?   He often drew the bomb. He showed puny men attacked by splendidly tyrannical machines. And Khrushchev turned out to be prime copy for the most witty caricaturist of them all. But, but and but.   
Look in this book for weak mortals and only on occasion for virtues and vices on the heroic scale. Read the moderately brief text, not for captions, sometimes for tart epigrams, once in a while for an explosion in the middle of your fixed ideas.

A gray fox with a patch on one eye- confidence man, city slicker, lebensraum specialist- tries to take over Catfish Bend in this third relaxed allegory from Mr& Burman's refreshing Louisiana animal community.   
The fox is all ingratiating smiles when he arrives from New Orleans, accompanied by one wharf rat. But like all despots, as he builds his following from among the gullible, he grows more threatening toward those who won't follow- such solid citizens as Doc Raccoon; Judge Black, the vegetarian black snake; and the eagle, who leads the bird community when he is not too busy in Washington posing for fifty-cent pieces.   
As soon as the fox has taken hold on most of the populace he imports more wharf rats, who, of course, say they are the aggrieved victims of an extermination campaign in the city. (The followers of bullies invariably are aggrieved about the very things they plan to do to others.) They train the mink and other animals to fight. And pretty soon gray fox is announcing that he won't have anyone around that's against him, and setting out to break his second territorial treaty with the birds.   
Robert Hillyer, the poet, writes in his introduction to this brief animal fable that Mr& Burman ought to win a Nobel Prize for the Catfish Bend series. He may have a point in urging that decadent themes be given fewer prizes. But it's hard to imagine Mr& Burman as a Nobel laureate on the basis of these charming but not really momentous fables.   
In substance they lie somewhere between the Southern dialect animal stories of Joel Chandler Harris (Uncle Remus) and the polished, witty fables of James Thurber.

George Kennan's account of relations between Russia and the West from the fall of Tsarism to the end of World War /2, is the finest piece of diplomatic history that has appeared in many years. It combines qualities that are seldom found in one work: Scrupulous scholarship, a fund of personal experience, a sense of drama and characterization and a broad grasp of the era's great historical issues.

In short, the book, based largely on lectures delivered at Harvard University, is both reliable and readable; the author possesses an uncommonly fine English style, and he is dealing with subjects of vast importance that are highly topical for our time. If Mr& Kennan is sometimes a little somber in his appraisals, if his analysis of how Western diplomacy met the challenge of an era of great wars and social revolutions is often critical and pessimistic- well, the record itself is not too encouraging.   
Mr& Kennan takes careful account of every mitigating circumstance in recalling the historical atmosphere in which mistaken decisions were taken. But he rejects, perhaps a little too sweepingly, the theory that disloyal and pro-Communist influences may have contributed to the policy of appeasing Stalin which persisted until after the end of the war and reached its high point at the Yalta Conference in February, 1945.   
After all, Alger Hiss, subsequently convicted of perjury in denying that he gave secret State Department documents to Soviet agents, was at Yalta. And Harry Dexter White, implicated in F&B&I& reports in Communist associations, was one of the architects of the Morgenthau Plan, which had it ever been put into full operation, would have simply handed Germany to Stalin. One item in this unhappy scheme was to have Germany policed exclusively by its continental neighbors, among whom only the Soviet Union possessed real military strength.

It is quite probable, however, that stupidity, inexperience and childish adherence to slogans like "unconditional surrender" had more to do with the unsatisfactory settlements at the end of the war than treason or sympathy with Communism. Mr& Kennan sums up his judgment of what went wrong this way:

#DASHED HOPE#

"You see, first of all and in a sense as the source of all other ills, the unshakeable American commitment to the principle of unconditional surrender: The tendency to view any war in which we might be involved not as a means of achieving limited objectives in the way of changes in a given status quo, but as a struggle to the death between total virtue and total evil, with the result that the war had absolutely to be fought to the complete destruction of the enemy's power, no matter what disadvantages or complications this might involve for the more distant future".   
Recognizing that there could have been no effective negotiated peace with Hitler, he points out the shocking failure to give support to the anti-Nazi underground, which very nearly eliminated Hitler in 1944. A veteran diplomat with an extraordinary knowledge of Russian language, history and literature, Kennan recalls how, at the time of Hitler's attack on the Soviet Union in 1941, he penned a private note to a State Department official, expressing the hope that "never would we associate ourselves with Russian purposes in the areas of eastern Europe beyond her own boundaries".   
The hope was vain. With justified bitterness the author speaks of "what seems to me to have been an inexcusable body of ignorance about the nature of the Russian Communist movement, about the history of its diplomacy, about what had happened in the purges, and about what had been going on in Poland and the Baltic States". He also speaks of Franklin D& Roosevelt's "puerile" assumption that "if only he (Stalin) could be exposed to the persuasive charm of someone like F&D&R& himself, ideological preconceptions would melt and Russia's co-operation with the West could be easily arranged".

No wonder Khrushchev's first message to President Kennedy was a wistful desire for the return of the "good old days" of Roosevelt.

This fascinating story begins with a sketch, rich in personal detail, of the glancing mutual impact of World War /1, and the two instalments of the Russian Revolution. The first of these involved the replacement of the Tsar by a liberal Provisional Government in March, 1917; the second, the seizure of power by the Bolsheviks (who later called themselves Communists) in November of the same year.   
As Kennan shows, the judgment of the Allied governments about what was happening in Russia was warped by the obsession of defeating Germany. They were blind to the evidence that nothing could keep the Russian people fighting. They attributed everything that went wrong in Russia to German influence and intrigue. This, more than any other factor, led to the fiasco of Allied intervention. As the author very justly says:   "Had a world war not been in progress, there would never, under any conceivable stretch of the imagination, have been an Allied intervention in North Russia". The scope and significance of this intervention have been grossly exaggerated by Communist propaganda; here Kennan, operating with precise facts and figures, performs an excellent job of debunking.

#PLEBIAN DICTATORS#

Of many passages in the book that exemplify the author's vivid style, the characterizations of the two plebeian dictators whose crimes make those of crowned autocrats pale by comparison may be selected. On Stalin:   "This was a man of incredible criminality, of a criminality effectively without limits; a man apparently foreign to the very experience of love, without mercy or pity; a man in whose entourage none was ever safe; a man whose hand was set against all that could not be useful to him at the moment; a man who was most dangerous of all to those who were his closest collaborators in crime **h".   
And here is Kennan's image of Hitler, Stalin's temporary collaborator in the subjugation and oppression of weaker peoples, and his later enemy:   "Behind that Charlie Chaplin moustache and that truant lock of hair that always covered his forehead, behind the tirades and the sulky silences, the passionate orations and the occasional dull evasive stare, behind the prejudices, the cynicism, the total amorality of behavior, behind even the tendency to great strategic mistakes, there lay a statesman of no mean qualities: Shrewd, calculating, in many ways realistic, endowed- like Stalin- with considerable powers of dissimulation, capable of playing his cards very close to his chest when he so desired, yet bold and resolute in his decisions, and possessing one gift Stalin did not possess: The ability to rouse men to fever pitch of personal devotion and enthusiasm by the power of the spoken word".   
Two criticisms of this generally admirable and fascinating book involve the treatment of wartime diplomacy which is jagged at the edges- there is no mention of the Potsdam Conference or the Morgenthau Plan. And in a concluding chapter about America's stance in the contemporary world, one senses certain misplacements of emphasis and a failure to come to grips with the baffling riddle of our time: How to deal with a wily and aggressive enemy without appeasement and without war.

But one should not ask for everything. Mr& Kennan, who has recently abandoned authorship for a new round of diplomacy as the recently appointed American ambassador to Yugoslavia, is not the only man who finds it easier to portray the past than to prescribe for the future. The story of a quarter of a century of Soviet-Western relations is vitally important, and it is told with the fire of a first-rate historical narrator. The Ireland we usually hear about in the theater is a place of bitter political or domestic unrest, lightened occasionally with flashes of native wit and charm. In "Donnybrook", there is quite a different Eire, a rural land where singing, dancing, fist-fighting and romancing are the thing. There is plenty of violence, to be sure, but it is a nice violence and no one gets killed. By and large, Robert McEnroe's adaptation of Maurice Walsh's film, "The Quiet Man", provides the entertainment it set out to, and we have a lively musical show if not a superlative one. _@_ This is the tale of one John Enright, an American who has accidentally killed a man in the prize ring and is now trying to forget about it in a quiet place where he may become a quiet man. But Innesfree, where Ellen Roe Danaher and her bullying brother, Will, live, is no place for a man who will not use his fists. So Enright's courting of the mettlesome Ellen is impeded considerably, thereby providing the tale which is told. You may be sure he marries her in the end and has a fine old knockdown fight with the brother, and that there are plenty of minor scraps along the way to ensure that you understand what the word Donnybrook means. Then there is a matchmaker, one Mikeen Flynn, a role for which Eddie Foy was happily selected. Now there is no reason in the world why a matchmaker in Ireland should happen also to be a talented soft-shoe dancer and gifted improviser of movements of the limbs, torso and neck, except that these talents add immensely to the enjoyment of the play. Mr& Foy is a joy, having learned his dancing by practicing it until he is practically perfect. His matchmaking is, naturally, incidental, and it only serves Flynn right when a determined widow takes him by the ear and leads him off to matrimony.   
Art Lund, a fine big actor with a great head of blond hair and a good voice, impersonates Enright. Although he is not graced with the subtleties of romantic technique, that's not what an ex-prize fighter is supposed to have, anyway. Joan Fagan, a fiery redhead who can impress you that she has a temper whether she really has one or not, plays Ellen, and sings the role very well, too. If the mettle which Ellen exhibits has a bit of theatrical dross in it, never mind; she fits into the general scheme well enough.   
Susan Johnson, as the widow, spends the first half of the play running a bar and singing about the unlamented death of her late husband and the second half trying to acquire a new one. She has a good, firm delivery of songs and adds to the solid virtues of the evening.   
Then there are a pair of old biddies played by Grace Carney and Sibly Bowan who may be right off the shelf of stock Irish characters, but they put such a combination of good will and malevolence into their parts that they're quite entertaining. And in the role of Will Danaher, Philip Bosco roars and sneers sufficiently to intimidate not only one American but the whole British army, if he chose.   
"Donnybrook" is no "Brigadoon", but it does have some very nice romantic background touches and some excellent dancing. The ballads are sweet and sad, and the music generally competent. It sometimes threatens to linger in the memory after the final curtain, and some of it, such as the catchy "Sez I", does. "A Toast To The Bride", sung by Clarence Nordstrom, playing a character called Old Man Toomey, is quite simple, direct and touching.   
The men of Innesfree are got up authentically in cloth caps and sweaters, and their dancing and singing is fine. So is that of the limber company of lasses who whirl and glide and quickstep under Jack Cole's expert choreographic direction. The male dancers sometimes wear kilts and their performance in them is spirited and stimulating.   
Rouben Ter-Arutunian, in his stage settings, often uses the scrim curtain behind which Mr& Cole has placed couples or groups who sing and set the mood for the scenes which are to follow. There is no reason why most theatergoers should not have a pretty good time at "Donnybrook", unless they are permanently in the mood of Enright when he sings about how easily he could hate the lovable Irish.

WE can all breathe more easily this morning- more easily and joyously, too- because Joshua Logan has turned the stage show, "Fanny", into a delightful and heart-warming film.   
The task of taking the raw material of Marcel Pagnol's original trio of French films about people of the waterfront in Marseilles and putting them again on the screen, after their passage through the Broadway musical idiom, was a delicate and perilous one, indeed. More than the fans of Pagnol's old films and of their heroic star, the great Raimu, were looking askance at the project. The fans of the musical were, too.   
But now the task is completed and the uncertainty resolved with the opening of the English-dialogue picture at the Music Hall yesterday. Whether fan of the Pagnol films or stage show, whether partial to music or no, you can't help but derive joy from this picture if you have a sense of humor and a heart.

SOME of the New York Philharmonic musicians who live in the suburbs spent yesterday morning digging themselves free from snow. A tiny handful never did make the concert. But, after a fifteen-minute delay, the substantially complete Philharmonic assembled on stage for the afternoon's proceedings. They faced a rather small audience, as quite a few subscribers apparently had decided to forego the pleasures of the afternoon.   
It was an excellent concert. Paul Paray, rounding out his current stint with the orchestra, is a solid musician, and the Philharmonic plays for him. Their collaboration in the Beethoven Second Symphony was lucid, intelligent and natural sounding. It was not a heavy, ponderous Beethoven. The music sang nicely, sprinted evenly when necessary, was properly accented and balanced. #@#

The Franck symphonic poem, "Psyche", is a lush, sweet-sounding affair that was pleasant to encounter once again. Fortunate for the music itself, it is not too frequent a visitor; if it were, its heavily chromatic harmonies would soon become cloying.

Mr& Paray resisted the temptation to over-emphasize the melodic elements of the score. He did not let the strings, for instance, weep, whine or get hysterical. His interpretation was a model of refinement and accuracy.   
And in the Prokofieff ~C major Piano Concerto, with Zadel Skolovsky as soloist, he was an admirable partner. Mr& Skolovsky's approach to the concerto was bold, sweeping and tonally percussive. He swept through the music with ease, in a non-sentimental and ultra-efficient manner. #@#

An impressive technician, Mr& Skolovsky has fine rhythm, to boot. His tone is the weakest part of his equipment; it tends to be hard and colorless. A school of thought has it that those attributes are exactly what this concerto needs. It is, after all, a non-romantic work (even with the big, juicy melody of the second movement); and the composer himself was called the "age of steel pianist". But granted all this, one still would have liked to have heard a little more tonal nuance than Mr& Skolovsky supplied.   
Taken as a whole, though, it was a strong performance from both pianist and orchestra. Mr& Skolovsky fully deserved the warm reception he received.   
A new work on the program was Nikolai Lopatnikoff's "Festival Overture", receiving its first New York hearing. This was composed last year as a salute to the automobile industry. It is not program music, though. It runs a little more than ten minutes, is workmanlike, busy, methodical and featureless.

"La Gioconda", like it or not, is a singer's opera. And so, of course, it is a fan's opera as well. Snow or no, the fans were present in force at the Metropolitan Opera last night for a performance of the Ponchielli work.   
So the plot creaks, the sets are decaying, the costumes are pre-historic, the orchestra was sloppy and not very well connected with what the singers were doing. After all, the opera has juicy music to sing and the goodies are well distributed, with no less than six leading parts.   
One of those parts is that of evil, evil Barnaba, the spy. His wicked deeds were carried on by Anselmo Colzani, who was taking the part for the first time with the company.   
He has the temperament and the stage presence for a rousing villain and he sang with character and strong tone. What was lacking was a real sense of phrase, the kind of legato singing that would have added a dimension of smoothness to what is, after all, a very oily character.   
Regina Resnik as Laura and Cesare Siepi as Alvise also were new to the cast, but only with respect to this season; they have both sung these parts here before. Laura is a good role for Miss Resnik, and she gave it force, dramatic color and passion.   
Mr& Siepi was, as always, a consummate actor; with a few telling strokes he characterized Alvise magnificently. Part of this characterization was, of course, accomplished with the vocal chords. His singing was strong and musical; unfortunately his voice was out of focus and often spread in quality.   
Eileen Farrell in the title role, Mignon Dunn as La Cieca and Richard Tucker as Enzo were holdovers from earlier performances this season, and all contributed to a vigorous performance. If only they and Fausto Cleva in the pit had got together a bit more. @

"MELODIOUS birds sing madrigals" saith the poet and no better description of the madrigaling of the Deller Consort could be imagined.   
Their Vanguard album {Madrigal Masterpieces} (~BG 609; stereo ~BGS 5031) is a good sample of the special, elegant art of English madrigal singing. It also makes a fine introduction to the international art form with good examples of Italian and English madrigals plus several French "chansons". The English have managed to hold onto their madrigal tradition better than anyone else. The original impulses came to England late (in the sixteenth century) and continue strong long after everyone else had gone on to the baroque basso continuo, sonatas, operas and the like.

Even after Elizabethan traditions were weakened by the Cromwellian interregnum, the practice of singing together- choruses, catches and glees- always flourished. The English never again developed a strong native music that could obliterate the traces of an earlier great age the way, say, the opera in Italy blotted out the Italian madrigal.

#EARLY INTEREST#

Latter-day interest in Elizabethan singing dates well back into the nineteenth century in England, much ahead of similar revivals in other countries. As a result no comparable literature of the period is better known and better studied nor more often performed than the English madrigal.   
Naturally, Mr& Deller and the other singers in his troupe are most charming and elegant when they are squarely in their tradition and singing music by their countrymen: William Byrd, Thomas Morley and Thomas Tomkins. There is an almost instrumental quality to their singing, with a tendency to lift out important lines and make them lead the musical texture. Both techniques give the music purity and clarity.   
Claude Jannequin's vocal description of a battle (the French equivalents of tarantara, rum-tum-tum, and boom-boom-boom are very picturesque) is lots of fun, and the singers get a sense of grace and shape into other chansons by Jannequin and Lassus. Only with the more sensual, intense and baroque expressions of Marenzio, Monteverdi and Gesualdo does the singing seem a little superficial.   
Nevertheless, the musicality, accuracy and infectious charm of these performances, excellently reproduced, make it an attractive look-see at the period. The works are presented chronologically. Texts and translations are provided.

#ELEGANCE AND COLOR#

The elements of elegance and color in Jannequin are strong French characteristics. Baroque instrumental music in Italy and Germany tends to be strong, lively, intense, controlled and quite abstract. In France, it remained always more picturesque, more dancelike, more full of flavor.   
Couperin and Rameau gave titles to nearly everything they wrote, not in the later sense of "program music" but as a kind of nonmusical reference for the close, clear musical forms filled with keen wit and precise utterance.

Both composers turn up on new imports from France. ~BAM is the unlikely name of a French recording company whose full label is Editions de la boite a musique. They specialize in out-of-the-way items and old French music naturally occupies a good deal of their attention. {Sonates et Concerts Royaux} of Couperin le grand occupy two disks (~LD056 and ~LD060) and reveal the impeccable taste and workmanship of this master- delicate, flexible and gemlike.

The Concerts- Nos& 2, 6, 9, 10 and 14 are represented- are really closer to chamber suites than to concertos in the Italian sense. The sonatas, "La Francaise", "La Sultane", "L'Astree" and "L'Imperiale", are often more elaborately worked out and, in fact, show a strong Italian influence.   
Couperin also turns up along with some lesser-known contemporaries on a disk called {Musique Francaise du /18,e Siecle} (~BAM ~LD 060). Jean-Marie LeClair still is remembered a bit, but Bodin de Beismortier, Corrette and Mondonville are hardly household words. What is interesting about these chamber works here is how they all reveal the aspect of French music that was moving toward the rococo.

The Couperin "La Steinkerque", with its battle music, brevity, wit and refined simplicity, already shakes off Corelli and points towards the mid-century elegances that ended the baroque era. If Couperin shows the fashionable trend, the others do so all the more.

All these records have close, attractive sound and the performances by a variety of instrumentalists is characteristic.   
Rameau's {Six Concerts en Sextuor,} recorded by L'orchestre de chambre Pierre Menet (~BAM ~LD 046), turn out to be harpsichord pieces arranged for strings apparently by the composer himself. The strange, delightful little character pieces with their odd and sometimes inexplicable titles are still evocative and gracious.   
{Maitres Allemands des /17,e et /18,e Siecles} contains music by Pachelbel, Buxtehude, Rosenmueller and Telemann, well performed by the Ensemble Instrumental Sylvie Spycket (~BAM ~LD 035).

Rococo music- a lot of it- was played in Carnegie Recital Hall on Saturday night in the first of four concerts being sponsored this season by a new organization known as Globe Concert Arts.

Works by J& C& Bach, Anton Craft, Joseph Haydn, Giuseppe Sammartini, Comenico Dragonetti and J& G& Janitsch were performed by seven instrumentalists including Anabel Brieff, flutist, Josef Marx, oboist, and Robert Conant, pianist and harpsichordist.

Since rococo music tends to be pretty and elegant above all, it can seem rather vacuous to twentieth-century ears that have grown accustomed to the stress and dissonances of composers from Beethoven to Boulez.   
Thus there was really an excess of eighteenth-century charm as one of these light-weight pieces followed another on Saturday night. Each might find a useful place in a varied musical program, but taken together they grew quite tiresome.   
The performances were variable, those of the full ensemble being generally satisfying, some by soloists proving rather trying. @

Ellie Mao, soprano, and Frederick Fuller, baritone, presented a program of folksongs entitled "East Meets West" in Carnegie Recital Hall last night. They were accompanied by Anna Mi Lee, pianist.   
Selections from fifteen countries were sung as solos and duets in a broad range of languages. Songs from China and Japan were reserved exclusively for Miss Mao, who is a native of China, and those of the British Isles were sung by Mr& Fuller, who is English by birth.   
This was not a program intended to illustrate authentic folk styles. On the contrary, Miss Mao and Mr& Fuller chose many of their arrangements from the works of composers such as Mendelssohn, Dvorak, Canteloube, Copland and Britten. Thre was, therefore, more musical substance in the concert than might have been the case otherwise. The performances were assured, communicative and pleasingly informal. @

WHAT was omitted from "A Neglected Education" were those essentials known as "the facts of life".   
Chabrier's little one-act operetta, presented yesterday afternoon at Town Hall, is a fragile, precious little piece, very French, not without wit and charm. The poor uneducated newlywed, a certain Gontran de Boismassif, has his problems in getting the necessary information. The humor of the situation can be imagined.   
It all takes place in the eighteenth century. What a silly, artificial way of life, Chabrier and his librettists chuckle. But they wish they could bring it back. #@#

Chabrier's delightful music stands just at the point where the classical, rationalist tradition, (handed down to Chabrier largely in the form of operetta and salon music) becomes virtually neo-classicism. The musical cleverness and spirit plus a strong sense of taste and measure save a wry little joke from becoming either bawdy or mawkish.   
The simple, clever production was also able to tread the thin line between those extremes. Arlene Saunders was charming as poor Gontran. Yes, Arlene is her name; the work uses the old eighteenth-century tradition of giving the part of a young inexperienced youth to a soprano. Benita Valente was delightful as the young wife and John Parella was amusing as the tutor who failed to do all his tutoring.

The work was presented as the final event in the Town Hall Festival of Music. It was paired with a Darius Milhaud opera, "The Poor Sailor", set to a libretto by Jean Cocteau, a kind of Grand Guignol by the sea, a sailor returns, unrecognized, and gets done in by his wife.   
With the exception of a few spots, Milhaud's music mostly churns away with his usual collection of ditties, odd harmonies, and lumbering, satiric orchestration.

Had a funny experience at Newport yesterday afternoon. Sat there and as a woman sang, she kept getting thinner and thinner, right before my eyes, and the eyes of some 5,500 other people.   
I make this observation about the lady, Miss Judy Garland, because she brought up the subject herself in telling a story about a British female reporter who flattered her terribly in London recently and then wrote in the paper the next day:   "Judy Garland has arrived in London. She's not chubby. She's not plump. She's fat".

But who cares, when the lady sings? Certainly not the largest afternoon audience Newport has ever had at a jazz concert and the most attentive and quiet. They applauded every number, not only at its conclusion but also at the first statement of the theme- sometimes at the first chord.   
And Judy sang the lovely old familiar things which seemed, at times, a blessed relief from the way-out compositions of the progressive jazzmen who have dominated these proceedings. Things like "When You're Smiling", "Almost Like Being In Love", "Do It Again", "Born to Wander", "Alone Together", "Who Cares?", "Puttin' on the Ritz", "How Long Has This Been Going On?" and her own personal songs like "The Man That Got Away", and the inevitable "Over the Rainbow".   
Miss Garland is not only one of the great singers of our time but she is one of the superb showmen. At the start of her program there were evidences of pique. She had held to the letter of her contract and didn't come onto the stage until well after 4 p&m&, the appointed hour, although the Music at Newport people had tried to get the program underway at 3. Then there was a bad delay in getting Mort Lindsey's 30-piece orchestra wedged into its chairs.

Along about 4:30, just when it was getting to be about time to turn the audience over and toast them on the other side, Judy came on singing, in a short-skirted blue dress with a blue and white jacket that flapped in the wind. Her bouffant coiffure was fortunately combed on the left which happened to be the direction from which a brisk breeze was blowing.   
In her first song she waved away one encroaching photographer who dared approach the throne unbidden and thereafter the boys with the cameras had to unsheathe their 300 mm& lenses and shoot at extreme range.   
There also came a brief contretemps with the sound mixers who made the mistake of being overheard during a quiet moment near the conclusion of "Do It Again", and she made the tart observation that "I never saw so much moving about in an audience".   
But it didn't take Judy Garland, showman, long to realize that this sort of thing was par for the course at Newport and that you have to learn to live with it. Before her chore was finished she was rescuing wind-blown sheets of music, trundling microphones about the stage, helping to move the piano and otherwise joining in the informal atmosphere.   
And time after time she really belted out her songs. Sometimes they struck me as horribly over-arranged- which was the way I felt about her "Come Rain or Come Shine"- and sometimes they were just plain magnificent, like her shatteringly beautiful "Beautiful Weather".   
To her partisan audience, such picayune haggling would have seemed nothing more than a critic striving to hold his franchise; they just sat back on their haunches and cried for more, as though they could never get enough.

They were rewarded with splendid, exciting, singing. Her "Rockabye Your Baby" was as good as it can be done, and her really personal songs, like "The Man That Got Away" were deeply moving.

The audience wouldn't let her leave until it had heard "Over The Rainbow"- although the fellow that kept crying for "Get Happy" had to go home unhappy, about that item anyway. She was generous with her encores and the audience was equally so with its cheers and applause and flowers.   
All went home happy except the Newport police, who feared that the throng departing at 6:35 might meet head-on the night crowd drawing nigh, and those deprived of their happy hour at the cocktail bar.

In Newport last night there were flashes of distant lightning in the northern skies. This was perhaps symbolic of the jazz of the evening- flashes in the distance, but no storm.   
Several times it came near breaking, and there were in fact some lovely peals of thunder from Jerry Mulligan's big band, which is about as fine an aggregation as has come along in the jazz business since John Hammond found Count Basie working in a Kansas City trap.   
Mulligan's band has been infected with his solid sense of swing, and what it does seems far more meaningful than most of the noise generated by the big concert aggregations.   
But what is equally impressive is the delicacy and wonderful lyric quality of both the band and Mulligan's baritone sax in a fragile ballad like Bob Brookmeyer's arrangement of "Django's Castle".   
For subtle swinging rhythms, I could admire intensely Mulligan's version of "Weep", and the fireworks went on display in "18 Carrots for Robert", a sax tribute to Johnny Hodges.   
There was considerable contrast between this Mulligan performance and that of Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers, who are able to generate a tremendous sound for such a small group. Unfortunately, Blakey doesn't choose to work much of the time in this vein. He prefers to have his soloist performing and thus we get only brief glimpses of what his ensemble work is like.

What we did get, however, was impressive.   
A few drops of rain just before midnight, when Sarah Vaughan was in the midst of her first number, scattered the more timid members of the audience briefly, but at this hour and with Sarah on the stand, most of the listeners didn't care whether they got wet.   
Miss Vaughan was back in top form, somehow mellowed and improved with the passage of time- like a fine wine. After the spate of female vocalists we have been having, all of whom took Sarah as a point of departure and then tried to see what they could do that might make her seem old hat, it seemed that all that has happened is to make the real thing seem better than ever.

#JAZZ THREE OPEN PROGRAM#

The evening program was opened by the Jazz Three, a Newport group consisting of Steve Budieshein on bass, Jack Warner, drums, and Don Cook, piano. This was a continuation of a good idea which was first tried out Saturday night when the Eddie Stack group, also local talent, went on first. Putting on local musicians at this place in the program serves a triple purpose: it saves the top flight jazz men from being wasted in this unenviable spot, when the audience is cold, restless, and in flux; it prevents late-comers from missing some of the people they have come a long way to hear, and it gives the resident musicians a chance to perform before the famous Newport audience.   
The Jazz Three displayed their sound musicianship, not only in their own chosen set, but as the emergency accompanists for Al Minns + Leon James, the superb jazz dancers who have now been Newport performers for three successive years, gradually moving up from a morning seminar on the evolution of the blues to a spot on the evening program.

Have a talk with your insurance agent. Be careful that you keep adequate coverage, but look for places to save money. First go over the type of coverage you now have. Look for these features which may mean you can save:   @ Duplicate coverage. Avoid doubling up on the same item. For example, don't pay in a truck policy for medical coverage that you may be paying for in a health and accident policy.

@ Does your policy have a lay-up clause? This means that if your insured vehicle is laid up for more than 30 days, insurance can be suspended and a proportionate return of your premium made to you. This applies to repair work or winter storage.   
The figure five is important in insurance. With many company policies you get a fleet discount if you insure five or more rigs. This means either cars or trucks. Discounts run up to 2% of cost.   
Usually premium reductions can be obtained by applying deductibles to your liability plan. For example: If your bodily injury claims start payment after the first $250, a 25% premium saving is often made. {I}n the period since the end of World War /2,- a period coinciding with merchandising demands for the colorful, the unusual, and the original in signs and displays- plastics have come on so strong that today they are the acknowledged leaders in the field. The importance of the sign industry to the plastics industry, however, is not in terms of volume alone. Designers of signs and displays have shown a refreshing approach to the adaptation of plastics that has influenced the workings of other industries. Many of today's developments in thermoforming stem from original work done with signs and displays; the art of preprinting in distortion was similarly perfected by the sign makers; and the reverse-surface decorating techniques now used for escutcheons, medallions, etc&, owes much to the field, as does the technology of designing with the light-transmitting properties of the transparent plastics.   
There is much that many industries can continue to learn from some of the more recent developments described below. The concept of trans-illumination (as shown by the photo on p& 92), as just one example, offers an entirely new approach to lighting problems- no matter what industry is involved.

#A VOLUME MARKET#

According to a recent <Wall Street Journal> survey, plastics units now account for more than 50% of all sign sales. Five years ago, they had only 10% of the market, with the remainder firmly entrenched in the stronghold of neon tubing. And it's far from the end for plastics. Industry sources are now estimating that 75% of the signs made during the 1960's will be of plastic construction. Evidence of this trend can best be seen in the recent activities of such leading companies in the field as Advance Neon Sign Co&, Los Angeles, Calif&. Four years ago, the company's entire line was devoted to neon signs; today, 85% is in plastics.   
From the volume standpoint, the total market represented by the sign industry is impressive. Aggregate sales during 1960 reached approximately $500 million. Currently, there are some 6000 companies in the field, ranging from small firms with a handful of employees to major concerns having complete facilities for production of metal, electrical, and plastic components.

#WHY THE TREND TO PLASTICS?#

What accounts for the rapid growth of plastics in the sign and display field? Out of many factors which might be cited, five are most important: _1._ Plastics combine such properties as built-in color, light weight, optional transparency or translucency, resistance to corrosion, as well as the ease of fabrication. _2._ Plastic signs are economical. According to one major producer, materials for a typical plastic sign are approximately 25% less costly than for a comparable neon unit. Shipping cost is also reduced; a 3-by- 6-ft& plastic sign weighs about 120 lb&, compared to 275-300 lb& for neon. The weight advantage, plus greater durability of the plastic unit, yields a saving of about one-fifth in shipping. The lighter weight also means less costly supports and mountings are needed. Finally, maintenance costs on plastic signs are much lower than on fragile neon signs. _3._ They offer exceptional design freedom, making it possible to incorporate contours and details which give free range to the talents of the designer. Vacuum- and pressure-formed sheet plastics fill the gap between cardboard and molded plastics. Pre-decoration, low-cost molds, and the freedom to form large and small, thick and thin materials make plastics tailor-made for the industry. _4._ Plastics signs work around the clock. Internal illumination, protected from the elements, gives them powerful visual appeal at night; during daylight hours their brilliant colors command attention and interest. _5._ Advances in equipment and fabrication techniques give the sign or display manufacturer an extremely wide choice of production techniques, ranging from injection molding for intricate, smaller-size, mass-production signs (generally 5000 units is the minimum) to vacuum and pressure forming for larger signs of limited runs. Among the newest fabrication methods to enter the display field are expandable styrene molding and blow molding. _WHAT PLASTICS TO USE?_ For outdoor signs and displays, acrylic, with its outstanding optical characteristics, weather resistance and formability, strongly dominates the picture. At present, both the familiar cast acrylic and the newer extruded sheets are being used by sign manufacturers, with extruded now representing an estimated 10% of the total. (See panel, p& 166, for a comparison.)   Of interest is a recent announcement by Du Pont's Polychemicals Dept& of a new methyl methacrylate monomer designated as Monocite ~H 100, which was developed specifically for production of cast acrylic sheets for the sign and lighting industry. Sheeting cast from this material reportedly weighs only one-third as much as glass, is impervious to all kinds of weather, and will not yellow. Its high impact strength, even at low temperatures, resists chipping, cracking, and crazing, according to Du Pont.

Cellulose acetate butyrate is used extensively for vacuum-formed signs, background panels, and molded or formed letters because of its exceptional toughness, ease of forming, and excellent weathering properties. Its clarity and good optical properties are other important factors. New to the field is a duplex type butyrate laminate in which the two sheets of the laminate are of different color. Thermoforming the laminate and then sanding away the top layer is a quick and economical way to produce a two-color sign. (see ~MPl, Mar& 1961, p& 98).   
For specialized types of displays, such as large three-dimensional units reproducing a product, package, human or animal figures, etc&, reinforced plastics and rotationally molded vinyl plastisols are other materials frequently used.   
A relative newcomer in outdoor signs is Mylar polyester film, now used as a printed overlay for trans-illuminated signs (see below).   
For outdoor signs and displays, where the problem of weathering resistance is no longer a factor, the choice of plastics is almost unlimited. Here may be found regular and impact styrene, cellulose acetate, cellulose butyrate and cellulose propionate, acrylic, vinyl, expandable styrene foam, and polyethylene. The final choice of material depends upon such factors as costs, method of fabrication, degree of complexity, number of units required, time available for tooling, and projected life expectancy of the unit. Often, the finished sign or display incorporates several types of plastics and two or more fabricating techniques.

#TRANS-ILLUMINATED BILLBOARDS#

One of the most significant advancements in design of plastics signs is the so-called trans-illuminated billboard, now being produced by several large sign manufacturers such as Advance Neon Sign Co&, Los Angeles, and Industrial Electric Inc&, New Orleans, La&.   
The essential difference between the new trans-illuminated boards and existing billboards is that the former, constructed of translucent plastic panels, are lighted from within. With the source of light behind the copy, there is no loss of lumen output, as with conventional boards illuminated by means of reflected light. Also, the light sources are shielded from dirt and weather exposure and cannot obstruct the view of the sign.   
The copy itself, including any text or illustrations, is reproduced in full color directly on a thin Mylar polyester film by a photo screen process. The film has an adhesive on the back which permits it to be stripped onto the acrylic panels forming the sign, and also to be stripped off for replacement by new copy as required. Spare sets of face panels simplify the change from one copy or message to another; new panels are exchanged for the old right in the field on a single trip. Panels with outdated copy are returned to the sign shop so a new message can be applied.

Signs of this type have already made their appearance in several larger cities, and others are on the way. It is believed that these boards will, within the next few years, replace many of the conventional flood-lighted boards now in use.   
Trans-illuminated signs also show versatility in other directions. As used by Industrial Electric Inc&, the film panels are printed one at a time, as are 24-sheet posters. Thus the film can be applied to back-lighted translucent plastics faces; they can also be applied to opaque panels for use on cutouts, or they can be applied directly to painted bulletin faces. In this way, the sign maker has an economical means for displaying uniform copy on different sign media.   
Recently Industrial Electric unveiled another new development made possible by modern plastic materials- a revolving spectacular sign. Comprised of 16 triangular trans-illuminated plastic sections, it makes it possible to combine three different signs in a single unit. The triangles automatically revolve in a cycle which permits 9 sec& of viewing time for each poster subject. Sixteen panels, each slightly more than 1-1/2 ft& wide, make up the 25-ft& length of the sign.

#CHANGEABLE LETTERS FILL MANY NEEDS#

Perhaps the best way to indicate the versatility of design that characterizes the use of plastics in signs and displays would be to look at what is happening in only one of the areas in this complex field- changeable signs.   
Signs are meant to convey a message, and in most cases, this requires words and letters. Frequently, the message must be changed at intervals to feature new products, price changes, etc&. The huge market for changeable signs has spurred a universal demand for individual plastic letters, in all shapes and sizes- and a number of companies are set up to supply them. Here are some of the newer items currently available:   Poster Products Inc&, Chicago, Ill&: a changeable copy and display sign which consists of an extruded impact styrene background in choice of colors, onto which are mounted snap-in letters, figures, or words screened on acetate or other types of sheet stock. The background, which is available in various widths and continuous lengths, is extruded with parallel undercut grooves which grip the flexible letters securely.

The Adaptaplex Co&, Beaverton, Ore&; letters molded of butyrate, available in several sizes in either red or black. Ideal for merchandising use, they are weather-resistant, and have mounting pegs on the back which fit into openings in a vacuum-formed waffle-pattern background panel.   
For large letters, <e&g&> thermoformed of acrylic or butyrate, there are other techniques. For example, in a typical store installation, fifty 24-in& and six 36-in& red acrylic letters were mounted against a white painted wood background. The fact that even the larger letters weighed only 5 lb& each made it possible to secure the letters to the building through clear acrylic angle brackets cemented to the letters. Stainless steel screws were used to minimize corrosion stains. For mounting to corrugated plastic backgrounds, very small holes may be drilled in the sides of the letters and stainless steel wire threaded through the openings, its ends twisted behind the panels.   
Large injection-molded letters are also available for sign installations. Wagner Sign Service Inc&, Chicago, for example, supplies them in several colors, in heights of 4, 6, 8, 10, and 17 inches. They are molded of a special weather-resistant formulation of Tenite butyrate. Also available from this company are Snug-Grip Plasti-Bars, extruded of transparent acrylic material, which may be cemented to any corrugated acrylic background material. Made in lengths from 3 to 10 ft&, the bars are shaped in cross section to provide a secure fit for the tapered slots molded in back of the letters.   
Still another approach to the changeable letter type of sign is a modular unit introduced by Merritt Products, Azusa, Calif&. This vacuum formed sign is comprised of 27-in& (or smaller) panels formed of 0.080-in& clear butyrate sheet stock, masked and sprayed on the rear side. Finished signs are produced by sliding the separate letter panels into channels of 0.025-in& aluminum, which may be mounted to various surfaces. The sheets are extruded of Tenite butyrate by Jet Specialties Co&, Los Angeles, Calif&.

On large-area units, where additional structural requirements are imposed, one recent approach utilizes modular extruded or formed channels (<e&g&> right-angled corrugations) of the acrylic or butyrate. Joined side by side, such channels make possible construction of continuous two-dimensional luminous areas up to 50 ft& high and of unlimited width. Letters may be wired to the face of the combined channels, painted on the first surface, or handled in other ways.

#NEW RULE NO& 2: DON'T BUILD FROM THE OUTSIDE IN- TRY TO BUILD FROM THE INSIDE OUT#

Don't insert your components into fixed openings, they may or may not fit; position your components before you close them in. For example:   Don't wall in your kitchen before you hang the wall cabinets and set the appliances. It's a lot quicker and easier to dimension the kitchen to fit the cabinets and erect the end wall after they are all in place.   
Set your bathtub before you close in the end of the bathroom. Don't try to wrestle a 400-~lb tub **f through a narrow doorway.   
Finish your plumbing before you frame it in (most economical framing is a thin non-bearing partition on either side of the pipes).   
Finish installing and connecting up your furnace and your water heater before you wall them in. There is no better way to waste time than trying to install a furnace in a finished **f closet.   
Don't position your studs before you insert your windows in conventional construction; that way you may pay more to shim the window into place than you paid for the window. You can save all that shimming time if you set your windows in one, two, three order- first the stud on one side, then the window, then the stud on the other side.   
Install your disappearing stair (or stairs) to the attic and finish your overhead ducts before you drywall the ceiling.   
Don't close in your house until everything has been carried in. Last wall Bob Schmitt erects is the wall between the house and garage. That way he can truck his parts right indoors and unload them under the roof.   
No auto maker would dream of putting the head on the engine before he fitted the pistons in the block. And trailer makers, those most industrialized and therefore most efficient of homebuilders, say they save hundreds of dollars by always building from the inside out.

#NEW RULE NO& 3 RETHINK EVERYTHING TO GET ALL THE BIG SAVINGS THE REVOLUTION IN MATERIALS HANDLING OFFERS YOU#

This revolution is the biggest build-better-for-less news of all, because **h _1._ It makes it easy to handle much heavier units, so you can plan to build with much bigger and heavier prefabricated components like those shown in the pictures alongside. _2._ It makes materials handling the only construction cost that (like earthmoving and roadbuilding) should be lower today than in 1929. _3._ It changes the answers to "Who should do what, and where"? It lessens the need for costly on-site fabrication and increases the chance for shop fabrication, where almost everything can be made better and cheaper. _4._ It changes the answers on when to do what at the site. For example, instead of putting in your driveways last (as many builders do) you can now save money by putting them in first. Instead of closing the house in first (as most builders do) you can now cut your costs by not closing it in until you have to (<see ~p 121>). _5._ It changes the answers on builder-dealer relations. Not so long ago many builders were finding they could cut their costs by "buying direct" and short-cutting the dealer. But now many of these same builders are finding they can cut their costs more by teaming up with a dealer who has volume enough to afford the most efficient specialized equipment to deliver everything just where it is needed- drywall inside the house, siding along the sides, trusses on the walls, roofing on the roof, etc&.   
Says Clarence Thompson: "We dealers must earn our mark-up by performing a service for the builder cheaper than he could do it himself". The revolution now under way in materials handling makes this much easier. _THE REVOLUTION IS WELL UNDER WAY, BUT MUCH MORE REMAINS TO BE DONE_ Five years ago a HOUSE + HOME Round Table cosponsored by the Lumber Dealers' Research Council reported unhappily:   "Only one lumber dealer in ten is equipped to handle unit loads; only one box car in eight has the wide doors needed for unit loads; only one producer in a hundred is equipped to package and ship unit loads; only one builder in a thousand is equipped to receive unit loads.   
"So from raw materials to finished erection the costs of materials handling (most of it inefficient) add up to one-fourth of the total construction cost of housing".   
"That HOUSE + HOME Round Table was the real starting point for today's revolution in materials handling", says Clarence Thompson, long chairman of the Lumber Dealers' Research Council. "It made our whole industry recognize the need for a new kind of teamwork between manufacturer, carrier, equipment maker, dealer, and builder, all working together to cut the cost of materials handling. Before that we lumber dealers were working almost single-handed on the problem". _HERE IS WHERE THINGS STAND TODAY:_ _1._ Almost all of the 3,000 lumber dealers who cater primarily to the new-house market and supply 90% of this year's new houses are mechanized. There are few areas left where a builder cannot find a dealer equipped to save him money by delivering everything at lower cost just where his workmen will need it. _2._ Practically all bulky housing products can now be ordered in standard units palletized or unitized for mechanical handling- including lumber, asphalt shingles, glass block, face brick, plaster, lime, hardboard, gypsum wallboard and sheathing, cement, insulation sheathing, floor tile, acoustical tile, plaster base, and asbestos shingles. _3._ Truck and materials-handling equipment makers now offer specialized units to meet almost every homebuilding need. For some significant new items see the pictures. _4._ More than 50% of all lumber is unitized; an ~NLRDA survey found that at least 492 lumber mills will strap their shipments for mechanized handling. Of these, 376 said they make no extra charge for strapping in standard units, because they save enough on mechanized carloading to offset their strapping cost. Most of the others will swallow their 50@ to $3 charge rather than lose a good customer. "With a 15,500-~lb fork-lift, dealers can unload unitized lumber from wide-door box cars for 30@/~mbf compared with $1.65 or more to unload loose lumber one piece at a time", says James Wright of ~NLRDA. _5._ Lumber dealers and lumber manufacturers have agreed on a standard unit for unitized shipments- 48'' wide by a nominal 30'' high (or six McCracken packets 24'' wide by nominal 7'' high). These units make it easy to load as much as 48,000 ~bd ~ft (say 120,000 ~lb in a 50' box car- much more than the average for loose-loaded cars. _6._ The railroads have responded by adding 20,000 more box cars with doors 12' or wider for forklift unloading (a 21% increase while the total number of box cars was falling 6%) and by cutting their freight rates twice on lumber shipped in heavily loaded cars. First was a 1958 cut of more than 50% on that portion of the load in excess of 40,000 ~lb; later came a 1961 cut on the West Coast (still pending elsewhere) of 7@/~cwt on 70,000 ~lb-plus carloads (which works out to more than $4/~mbf on that portion of the load in excess of 70,000 ~lb). _7._ More unitized lumber is being shipped on flat cars, and ~NLRDA studies show that flat cars loaded with the new Type 6-~B floating-load method can be unloaded for at little at 5.4@/~mbf. For long hauls these shipments should be protected with water-proof paper. This costs from 75@ to $2.30/~mbf, but the cover can pay off if the lumber is to be stored in the open. _THESE CARRIERS CUT HANDLING COSTS FOR THE DEALER- AND THE BUILDER_ Says ~NRLDA's James Wright: "Since 1958 carriers that move material from the yard to the job site have undergone more radical changes than any of the dealer's other equipment".   
The reason: today's components and lumber packages are far too bulky to be handled by a truckdriver and a helper. So manufacturers have pioneered a new type of vehicle- the self-unloading carrier. It cuts the lumber dealer's cost because it takes only one man- the driver- to unload it, and because it unloads in a fraction of the time and at a fraction of the cost of hand unloading. and it helps the builder because it can handle a more efficiently packaged load, can deliver it to the best spot (in some cases, right on the roof or inside the house), and never takes any of the builder's high-priced labor to help unload it.

Says Wright: "Our survey shows that one third of the retail dealers plan to increase the mechanization of their materials handling in the coming two years. And most of the gain will be in self-unloading vehicles".

#NEW RULE NO& 4: RESTUDY WHAT YOUR MEN DO, TO HELP THEM WASTE LESS OF THE TIME YOU PAY FOR#

Half the manhours you pay for on most jobs are wasted because the job was not planned right, so the right tools were not handy at the right place at the right time, or the right materials were not delivered to the handiest spots or materials were not stacked in the right order for erection, or you bought cheap materials that took too long to fit, or your workmen had to come back twice to finish a job they could have done on one trip.

Even "America's most efficient builder", Bob Schmitt of Berea, hopes to cut his labor costs another $2,000 per house as a result of the time-+-motion studies now being completed on his operation by industrial efficiency engineers from the Stanley Works. Already this study has suggested ways to cut his foundation manhours from 170 to 105 by eliminating idle time and wasted motion.   
Builder Eddie Carr of Washington, past president of ~NAHB, cut his bricklaying costs $150 a house by adopting the "~SCR masonry process" worked out after careful time-+-motion studies by the Structural Clay Products Research Foundation to help bricklayers do better work for less. A midwestern builder cut his labor costs per thousand bricks from $81 to $43.50 by adopting this same process, cut them another $7.50 to $36 by buying his bricks in convenient, easy-to-spot 100-brick packages. The ~SCR process, with its precision corner-posts, its precision guide lines, its working level scaffold, and its hand-level brick supply takes eight manhours to get set, but once ready it makes it easy for bricklayers to lay a thousand bricks a day. See <page 156>.   
One good way to cut your labor waste is to make sure you are using just the right number of men in each crew. Reports Jim Lendrum: "By studying men on the job, we found that two men- a carpenter and a helper- can lay a floor faster than three. We found that three men- two carpenters and a helper- can put up wall panels or trusses more economically than four men- because four men don't make two teams; they make one inefficient three-men-and-a-helper team. We found that wherever you can use two teams on a job, five men, not four, is the magic number".   
No house was ever built that could not have been built better for less if the work had been better planned and the work better scheduled.

#NEW RULE NO& 5: DON'T WASTE ANY 10@-A-MINUTE TIME ON GREEN LUMBER TO SAVE 3@ A STUD#

This is the most penny-wise, pound-foolish chisel a builder can commit.   
Green lumber was all very well back in the days of wet plaster, when the framing lumber was bound to swell and then shrink as tons of water dried out the gypsum. But now that all production builders build with drywall and all smart builders build with panels, green lumber is an anachronism you cannot afford.   
Green studs cost about 65@; dry studs cost less than 3@ more. So if a green stud makes a carpenter or a drywall finisher or anybody else waste even 20 seconds, the green stud becomes more expensive than a dry stud.

There comes a time in the lives of most of us when we want to be alone. Not necessarily to be off all by ourselves, but away from the crowds and common happenstance. If you've travelled in Europe a time or two, it is quite certain that you've had that wanting-to-be-alone feeling or that you will get it on your next visit across the Atlantic. Following a guide, and gratefully so, is an excellent way to see all the important places when everything is strange and new. However, after you've seen all the historical piazzas and plazas, the places and forums, the churches and museums, the palaces and castles, and begin to feel at home in the capitals of Europe, you'll want to change your course and follow the by-roads at will, far from the market places.   
The champagne at Troyes, the traditional capital of the champagne country, has more ambrosial taste somehow than it has at a sidewalk cafe on the Rue de la Paix or at Tour d'Argent. You can relive history and follow, in fancy, the Crusaders in their quest for the Holy Grail as they sail out from Brindisi, an ancient town in the heel of Italy's boot. And you don't meet the folks from home in Northwest Spain which has remained almost untouched by time and tourists since the Middle Ages. Time stands still as you climb the narrow, stone stairways in tiny villages clinging to steep mountain slopes or wander through story-book towns, perched atop lofty crags, their faces turned to the sea. They've been there since the days of the Moors and the Saracens. And what better way to end a day than by dining with artists and gourmets in a squat but charming fisherman's village on the Mediterranean?   An almost too-simple-to-be-true way to set forth on such adventures is just to put yourself behind the wheel of a car and head for the open road.   
For those who need or want and can afford another car, buying one and driving it on the grand tour, then shipping it home, is one popular plan for a do-it-yourself pilgrimage. Then, of course, there are those of us who either do not want or need or cannot afford another car. The answer to this diathesis is to pick up a telephone and arrange to rent one. It is that elemental.   
Almost any travel agent will reserve a car for you. You can call one of the car rental services directly (Hertz, Avis, Auto-Europe Nationalcar Rental, and others) and ask them to reserve a car of your choice, and some transportation lines offer this service as well. With few exceptions, your car will be waiting for you at dockside, airport, railroad station or hotel when you arrive, oftentimes at no additional cost. You can wait, of course, until you arrive in Europe before renting your car. The disadvantages to this method are that you may not have as great a choice of models readily available or you may have to wait a few days or, during the busy tourist season, when cars are in great demand, you might find it fairly difficult to get a car at all. Since charges are relatively the same, reserving a car before you leave for Europe will assure you of having one on tap when you want it.   
For those who plan to travel to Europe by one route and return by another some agencies offer a service whereby you can pick up a car in one city on arrival and leave it in another city, or even another country, when you are ready to return home. At some cities, this pick-up and delivery service is without additional charge, and, if you are budget-wise, when you are planning your itinerary, you will take advantage of these free delivery and collection stations in major cities within the larger European countries.

International Touring Documents are usually provided with the car as are road maps and touring data. A valid American driving license is accepted in all countries except Portugal, Spain, Yugoslavia and Eastern Europe. If you plan to visit any of these countries, you can obtain your International Driving Permit before you leave at a nominal fee- around $3.00. Your insurance, too, with most agencies, is provided with the car, covering comprehensive fire, theft, liability and collision with a deductible clause which varies in different countries. If you would feel happier with full collision insurance, there is a small additional charge, again varying from country to country and depending on the term of such insurance. The average charge for this additional insurance coverage is roughly $1.00 a day. The charge is variable, however, and goes as low as 50@ a day in Ireland and as high as $2.00 a day in Greece.   
Rental fees are variable, too, throughout the countries of Europe. There are as many rates as there are countries and models of cars available. As in the United States, there is a flat fee-per-day rental charge plus a few cents per kilometer driven, and the per-day rate drops if the car is retained for a week. It drops again after fifteen and/or twenty-one days.   
It is well to bear in mind that gasoline will cost from 80@ to 90@ for the equivalent of a United States gallon and while you might prefer a familiar Ford, Chevrolet or even a Cadillac, which are available in some countries, it is probably wiser to choose the smaller European makes which average thirty, thirty-five and even forty miles to the gallon.   
Your choice of model will undoubtedly be governed by the number of people travelling in your group. With the exception of the sports cars, even the quite tiny sedans will seat four passengers if you are willing to sacrifice comfort and luggage space for really economical transportation. There is a large variety of models to choose from in most countries, however, including 6-passenger sedans and station wagons and the rental fee isn't all that much greater than for the wee sedans.   
The basic costs are generally pretty much the same regardless of the agency through which you reserve your car, but some of them offer supplementary advantages. There is the free intra-city "rent it here, leave it there" service, as an example, the free delivery and collection at the airport, dockside or your hotel, luggage racks, touring documents and information and other similar services. A little investigation by telephone or reading the travel ads in the newspapers and magazines will give you these pertinent details on the additional money-saving benefits. The investigation will be well worth your time.   
All model cars are not available in all countries. Quite naturally, there is a greater availability of those models which are manufactured within a specific country. If you would like to start your tour in Italy, where the rental fees are actually the lowest in Europe, Fiats in all sizes are available, as are Alfa Romeo Giulietta models. If you wish to budget closely on transportation, saving your extra dollars to indulge in luxuries, one agency lists the small Fiat 500 at only $1.26 a day plus 3@ a kilometer and the Fiat 2100 Station Wagon, seating six, at just $1.10 a day and 10-1/2@ a kilometer. If you will be using your car more than fifteen days, which isn't all unlikely, the daily rates drop quite sharply to 86@ a day for the Fiat 500 and to an infinitesimal 30@ a day for the Fiat 2100 Station Wagon. With six in the group, the cost comes to just a nickel a day per person on the daily fee.   
In the majority of countries, however, the rates range from $3.00 to $3.50 a day for the smaller sedans and graduate up to $7.00 and $8.00 a day for the larger, luxury European models, with the rate per kilometer driven starting at 3@ and going up as high as 12@. The same model car might be available in six or eight countries, yet not two countries will have the same rate either for the daily rate or rate per kilometer driven. The variations are not too great. Rates for American cars are somewhat higher, ranging from about $8.00 a day up to $14.00 a day for a Chevrolet Convertible, but the rate per kilometer driven is roughly the same as for the larger European models. Rates in Greece and Finland are fairly high, actually the highest in Europe, and, surprisingly enough, they are also quite high in Ireland.

If you are planning to tour Europe for longer than a month, it might be wise for you to lease a car. The actual over-all cost, for the first month, will perhaps not be too much lower than the rental charges for the same period of time, but you will receive a new car. You will be entitled to all the advantages of a new car owner, which includes the factory guarantee and the services valid at authorized dealers throughout Europe. Further, there is no mileage charge or mileage limitations when you lease a car, and you pay only the flat monthly rate plus a nominal charge for documents and insurance since the car is registered and insured individually for your trip. There is a fairly wide selection of models of English, German and French manufacture from which you can choose from the very small Austin 7, Citroe^n 2 ~CV, Volkswagens, Renaults to the 6-passenger Simca Beaulieu. Leasing a car is not as common or as popular as renting a car in Europe, but for long periods it will be unquestionably more economical and satisfactory. After the first month, rates are considerably less, averaging only about $60 a month for most 4- and 5-passenger models.   
There are reasons for some people not wanting to rent cars and going on the do-it-yourself plan. For one thing, the driver usually sees less and has less fun than his passengers since it becomes pretty necessary for him to keep at least one eye on the road. Then, too, European drivers have reputations for being somewhat crazy on the road and some Americans are not particularly keen on getting mixed up with them. Still there is a way for those who want to see some of the back country of Europe by car. The way is to rent a chauffeur-driven car. It isn't as expensive as most people believe it to be.

Your chauffeur's expenses will average between $7.00 to $12.00 a day, but this charge is the same whether you rent a 7-passenger Cadillac limousine or a 4-passenger Peugeot or Fiat 1800. The big spread is in the charge for each kilometer driven, being governed by the rate at which gasoline is consumed. Since most European cars average more miles per gallon of gasoline than American cars, it naturally follows that the cost per kilometer for these models will be less, but the greater seating capacity of the large American cars will equalize this, provided your group is sufficiently large to fill a 7-passenger limousine.   
The fees for the rental of chauffeur-driven cars vary in the different countries in the same manner as they do for the drive-yourself cars. However, whether you arrange to have a European or American model, if you rent a car with the proper seating capacity in relation to the number of people in your party, your transportation expense will average very close to $10.00 per day per passenger. This will include your helpful, English-speaking chauffeur and a drive of an average of 150 kilometers in any one day. If you drive greater distances than that, you'll just be skimming the surface and will never discover the enchantment, fascination and beauty which lured you in the first place to explore the hinterlands. Of course, if you want to throw all caution to the winds and rent an Imperial or Cadillac limousine just for you and your bride, you'll have a memorable tour, but it won't be cheap, and it is not recommended unless you own a producing oil well or you've had a winner in the Irish Sweepstakes.

In American romance, almost nothing rates higher than what the movie men have called "meeting cute"- that is, boy-meets-girl seems more adorable if it doesn't take place in an atmosphere of correct and acute boredom. Just about the most enthralling real-life example of meeting cute is the Charles MacArthur-Helen Hayes saga: reputedly all he did was give her a handful of peanuts, but he said simultaneously, "I wish they were emeralds". Aside from the comico-romantico content here, a good linguist-anthropologist could readily pick up a few other facts, especially if he had a little more of the conversation to go on.   
The way MacArthur said his line- if you had the recorded transcript of a professional linguist- would probably have gone like this: **f Primary stresses on emeralds and wish; note pitch 3 (pretty high) on emeralds but with a slight degree of drawl, one degree of oversoftness **h. Conclusions: The people involved (and subsequent facts bear me out here) knew clearly the relative values of peanuts and emeralds, both monetary and sentimental. And the drawling, oversoft voice of flirtation, though fairly overt, was still well within the prescribed gambit of their culture.   
In other words, like automation machines designed to work in tandem, they shared the same programming, a mutual understanding not only of English words, but of the four stresses, pitches, and junctures that can change their meaning from black to white. At this point, unfortunately, romance becomes a regrettably small part of the picture; but consider, if you can bear it, what might have happened if MacArthur, for some perverse, undaunted reason, had made the same remark to an Eskimo girl in Eskimo. To her peanuts and emeralds would have been just so much blubber. The point- quite simply- is this: words they might have had; but communication, no.   
This basic principle, the first in a richly knotted bundle, was conveyed to me by Dr& Henry Lee Smith, Jr&, at the University of Buffalo, where he heads the world's first department of anthropology and linguistics. A brisk, amusing man, apparently constructed on an ingenious system of spring-joints attuned to the same peppery rhythm as his mind, Smith began his academic career teaching speech to Barnard girls- a project considerably enlivened by his devotion to a recording about "a young rat named Arthur, who never could make up his mind". Later, he became one of the central spirits of the Army Language Program and the language school of Washington's Foreign Service Institute. It was there, in the course of trying to prepare new men for the "culture shock" they might encounter in remote overseas posts, that he first began to develop a system of charting the "norms of human communication".

To the trained ear of the linguist, talk has always revealed a staggering quantity of information about the talker- such things as geographical origin and/or history, socio-economic identity, education. It is only fairly recently, however, that linguists have developed a systematic way of charting voices on paper in a way that tells even more about the speakers and about the success or failure of human communication between two people. This, for obvious reasons, makes their techniques superbly useful in studying the psychiatric interview, so useful, in fact, that they have been successfully used to suggest ways to speed diagnosis and to evaluate the progress of therapy.

In the early 1950's, Smith, together with his distinguished colleague, George Trager (so austerely academic he sometimes fights his own evident charm), and a third man with the engaging name of Birdwhistell (Ray), agreed on some basic premises about the three-part process that makes communication: (1) words or language (2) paralanguage, a set of phenomena including laughing, weeping, voice breaks, and "tone" of voice, and (3) kinesics, the technical name for gestures, facial expressions, and body shifts- nodding or shaking the head, "talking" with one's hands, et cetera.   
Smith's first workout with stresses, pitches, and junctures was based on mother, which spells, in our culture, a good deal more than bread alone. For example, if you are a reasonably well-adjusted person, there are certain ways that are reasonable and appropriate for addressing your mother. The usual U&S& norm would be: **f Middle pitches, slight pause (juncture) before mother, slight rise at the end. The symbols of mother's status, here, are all usual for culture U&S&A&. Quite other feelings are evidenced by this style: **f Note the drop to pitch 1 (the lowest) on mother with no rise at the end of the sentence; this is a "fade" ending, and what you have here is a downtalking style of speech, expressing something less than conventional respect for mother. Even less regard for mom and mom's apple pie goes with: **f In other words, the way the speaker relates to mother is clearly indicated. And while the meaning of the words is not in this instance altered, the quality of communication in both the second and third examples is definitely impaired. An accompanying record of paralanguage factors for the second example might also note a throaty rasp. With this seven-word sentence- though the speaker undoubtedly thought he was dealing only with the subject of food- he was telling things about himself and, in the last two examples, revealing that he had departed from the customs of his culture.   
The joint investigations of linguistics and psychiatry have established, in point of fact, that no matter what the subject of conversation is or what words are involved, it is impossible for people to talk at all without telling over and over again what sort of people they are and how they relate to the rest of the world. Since interviewing is the basic therapeutic and diagnostic instrument of modern psychiatry, the recording of interviews for playbacks and study has been a boost of Redstone proportions in new research and training. Some of the earliest recordings, made in the 1940's, demonstrated that psychiatrists reacted immediately to anger and anxiety in the sound track, whereas written records of the same interview offered far fewer cues to therapy which- if they were at all discernible in print- were picked up only by the most skilled and sensitive experts. In a general way, psychiatrists were able to establish on a wide basis what many of them had always felt- that the most telling cues in psychotherapy are acoustic, that such things as stress and nagging are transmitted by sound alone and not necessarily by words.   
At a minimum, recording- usually on tape, which is now in wide professional use- brings the psychiatric interview alive so that the full range of emotion and meaning can be explored repeatedly by the therapist or by a battery of therapists. Newest to this high-powered battery are the experts in linguistics who have carried that minimum to a new level. By adding a systematic analysis with symbols to the typed transcripts of interviews, they have supplied a new set of techniques for the therapist. Linguistic charting of the transcribed interview flags points where the patient's voice departs from expected norms. It flags such possible breakdowns of communication as rehearsed dialogue, the note of disapproval, ambivalence or ambiguity, annoyance, resentment, and the disinclination to speak at all- this last often marked by a fade-in beginning of sentences.

Interpretation, naturally, remains the role of the therapist, but orientation- not only the patient's vocal giveaways of geographical and socio-economic background, but also vocal but non-verbal giveaways of danger spots in his relationship to people- can be considerably beefed up by the linguist. His esoteric chartings of the voice alert the therapist to areas where deeper probing may bring to light underlying psychological difficulties, making them apparent first to the therapist and eventually to the patient. In one now-historic first interview, for example, the transcript (reproduced from the book, <The First Five Minutes>) goes like this: **f The therapist's level tone is bland and neutral- he has, for example, avoided stressing "you", which would imply disapproval; or surprise, which would set the patient apart from other people. The patient, on the other hand, is far from neutral; aside from her specifically regional accent, she reveals by the use of the triad, "irritable, tense, depressed", a certain pedantic itemization that indicates she has some familiarity with literary or scientific language (i&e&, she must have had at least a high-school education), and she is telling a story she has mentally rehearsed some time before. Then she catapults into "everything and everybody", putting particular violence on "everybody", indicating to the linguist that this is a spot to flag- that is, it is not congruent to the patient's general style of speech up to this point. Consequently, it is referred to the therapist for attention. He may then very well conclude that "everybody" is probably not the true target of her resentment. Immediately thereafter, the patient fractures her rehearsed story, veering into an oversoft, breathy, sloppily articulated, "I don't feel like talking right now".

Within the first five minutes of this interview it is apparent to the therapist that "everybody" truthfully refers to the woman's husband. She says later, but still within the opening five minutes, "I keep thinking of a divorce but that's another emotional death".

The linguistic and paralinguistic signals of misery are all present in the voice chart for this sentence; so are certain signals that she does not accept divorce. By saying "a<noth>er emotional death", she reveals that there has been a previous one, although she has not described it in words. This the therapist may pursue in later questioning. The phrase, "emotional death", interesting and, to a non-scientific mind, rather touching, suggests that this woman may have some flair for words, perhaps even something of the temperament regrettably called "creative".   
Since the psychiatric interview, like any other interview, depends on communication, it is significant to note that the therapist in this interview was a man of marked skill and long experience. His own communication apparatus operated superbly, and Lillian Ross readers will note instantly its total lack of resemblance to the blunted, monumentally unmeshed mechanism of Dr& Blauberman. Interestingly enough- although none of the real-life therapists involved could conceivably compare with Blauberman- when groups of them began playing back interviews, they discovered any number of ways in which they wanted to polish their own interview techniques; almost everyone, on first hearing one of his own sessions on tape, expressed some desire to take the whole thing over again.

Yet, in spite of this, intensive study of the taped interviews by teams of psychotherapists and linguists laid bare the surprising fact that, in the first five minutes of an initial interview, the patient often reveals as many as a dozen times just what's wrong with him; to spot these giveaways the therapist must know either intuitively or scientifically how to listen. Naturally, the patient does not say, "I hate my father", or "Sibling rivalry is what bugs me". What he <does> do is give himself away by communicating information over and above the words involved. Some of the classic indicators, as described by Drs& Pittenger, Hockett, and Danehy in <The First Five Minutes>, are these: _AMBIGUITY OF PRONOUNS:_ Stammering or repetition of <I, you, he, she>, et cetera may signal ambiguity or uncertainty. On the other hand significant facts may be concealed- <she> may mean <I>; or <everybody>, as it did with the tense and irritable woman mentioned before, may refer to a specific person. The word that is <not> used can be as important as the word that <is> used; therapist and/or linguist must always consider the alternatives. When someone says, for example, "They took ~X rays to see that there was nothing wrong with me", it pays to consider how this statement would normally be made. (This patient, in actuality, was a neurasthenic who had almost come to the point of accepting the fact that it was not her soma but her psyche that was the cause of her difficulty.) **h Amateur linguists note here that Pursewarden, in Durrell's Alexandria Quartet, stammered when he spoke of his wife, which is hardly surprising in view of their disastrous relationship.

@ She was just another freighter from the States, and she seemed as commonplace as her name. She was the <John Harvey,> one of those Atlantic sea-horses that had sailed to Bari to bring beans, bombs, and bullets to the U&S& Fifteenth Air Force, to Field Marshal Montgomery's Eighth Army then racing up the calf of the boot of Italy in that early December of 1943.   
The <John Harvey> arrived in Bari, a port on the Adriatic, on November 28th, making for Porto Nuovo, which, as the name indicates, was the ancient city's new and modern harbor. Hardly anyone ashore marked her as she anchored stern-to off Berth 29 on the mole. If anyone thought of the <John Harvey,> it was to observe that she was straddled by a pair of ships heavily laden with high explosive and if they were hit the <John Harvey> would likely be blown up with her own ammo and whatever else it was that she carried.   
Which was poison gas. ##

It had required the approval of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt before the <John Harvey> could be loaded with 100 tons of mustard gas and despatched to the Italian warfront. For in a world as yet unacquainted with the horrors of the mushroom cloud, poison gas was still regarded as the ultimate in hideous weapons.   
Throughout the early years of World War /2,, reports persisted that the Axis powers had used gas- Germany in Russia, Japan in China again. They were always denied. Influential people in America were warning the Pentagon to be prepared against desperation gas attacks by the Germans in future campaigns. Some extremists went so far as to urge our using it first. To silence extremists, to warn the Axis, President Roosevelt issued this statement for the Allies in August:

"From time to time since the present war began there have been reports that one or more of the Axis powers were seriously contemplating use of poisonous gas or noxious gases or other inhumane devices of warfare. I have been loath to believe that any nation, even our present enemies, could or would be willing to loose upon mankind such terrible and inhumane weapons.   
"However, evidence that the Axis powers are making significant preparations indicative of such an intention is being reported with increasing frequency from a variety of sources.   
"Use of such weapons has been outlawed by the general opinion of civilized mankind. This country has not used them, and I hope that we never will be compelled to use them. I state categorically that we shall under no circumstances resort to the use of such weapons unless they are first used by our enemies".   
The following month the invasion of Italy was begun, and Roosevelt gave effect to his warning by consenting to the stockpiling of poison gas in southern Italy. Bari was chosen as a depot, not only for its seeming safety, but because of its proximity to airfields. Any retaliatory gas attack would be airborne. It would be made in three waves- the first to lay down a smokescreen, the second to drop the gas bombs, the third to shower incendiaries which would burn everything below.

So the vile cargo went into the hole of the <John Harvey>. A detachment of six men from the 701st Chemical Maintenance Company under First Lt& Howard D& Beckstrom went aboard, followed by Lt& Thomas H& Richardson, the Cargo Security Officer. Secrecy was paramount. Only a few other people- very important people- knew of the nitrogen-mustard eggs nestled below decks. No one else must know. Thus, in the immemorial way- in the way of the right hand that knows and the left that does not- was the stage set for tragedy at Bari.   
It was the night of December 2, 1943, and it was growing dark in Bari. It was getting on toward 7 o'clock and the German ~Me-210 plane had been and gone on its eighth straight visit. Capt& A& B& Jenks of the Office of Harbor Defense was very worried. He knew that German long-range bombers had been returning to the attack in Italy. On November 24th, they had made a raid on La Maddalena. Two days later, some 30 of them had struck at a convoy off Bougie, sinking a troopship- and it had been that very night that the ~Me-210 had made its first appearance. After it had reappeared the next two nights, Jenks went to higher headquarters and said:

"For three days now a German reconnaissance plane has been over the city taking pictures. They're just waiting for the proper time to come over here and dump this place into the Adriatic".

But the older and wiser heads had dismissed his warning as alarmist. Even though it was known that the Luftwaffe in the north was now being directed by the young and energetic General Peltz, the commander who would conduct the "Little Blitz" on London in 1944, a major raid on Bari at this juncture of the war was not to be considered seriously. True, there had been raids on Naples- but Naples was pretty far north on the opposite coast. No, Bari was out of range. More than that, Allied air had complete superiority in the Eighth Army's sector. So Captain Jenks returned to his harbor post to watch the scouting plane put in five more appearances, and to feel the certainty of this dread rising within him. For Jenks knew that Bari's defenses were made of paper. The Royal Air Force had but a single light anti-aircraft squadron and two balloon units available. There were no R&A&F& fighter squadrons on Bari airfield. The radar station with the best location was still not serviceable. Telephone communication was bad. And everywhere in evidence among the few remaining defensive units was that old handmaiden of disaster- multiple command.   
It had been made shockingly evident that very morning to Ensign Kay K& Vesole, in charge of the armed guard aboard the <John Bascom>. A British officer had come aboard and told him that in case of enemy air attack he was not to open fire until bombs were actually dropped. Then he was to co-ordinate his fire with a radar-controlled shore gun firing white tracers.   
"This harbor is a bomber's paradise", the Britisher had said with frank grimness. "It's up to you to protect yourselves. We can't expect any help from the fighters at Foggia, either. They're all being used on offensive missions".   
Vesole had been stunned. Not fire until the bombs came down! He thought of the tons and tons of flammable fluid beneath his feet and shook his head. Like hell! Like hell he'd wait- and supposing the radar-controlled gun got knocked out? What would his guns guide on then- the North Star? Ensign Vesole decided that he would not tarry until he heard the whispering of the bombs, and when night began to fall, he put Seaman 2/~c Donald L& Norton and Seaman 1/~c William A& Rochford on the guns and told them to start shooting the moment they saw an enemy silhouette. Below decks, Seaman 1/~c Stanley Bishop had begun to write a letter home. ##

Above decks on the <John Harvey,> Lieutenant Richardson gazed at the lights still burning on the port wall and felt uneasy. There were lights glinting in the city, too, even though it was now dark enough for a few stars to become visible. Bari was asking for it, he thought.   
For five days now, they had been in port and that filthy stuff was still in the hold. Richardson wondered when it would be unloaded. He hoped they would put it somewhere way, way down in the earth. The burden of his secret was pressing down on him, as it was on Lieutenant Beckstrom and his six enlisted men. Lieutenant Richardson could envy the officers and men of the <John Harvey> in their innocent assumption that the ship contained nothing more dangerous than high explosive bombs. They seemed happy at the delay in unloading, glad at the chance to go ashore in a lively liberty port such as Bari. Nine of them had gone down the gangplank already. Deck Cadet James L& Cahill and Seaman Walter Brooks had been the first to leave. Richardson had returned their departing grins with the noncommittal nod that is the security officer's stock in trade.   
The other half of the crew, plus Beckstrom and his men, had remained aboard. Richardson glanced to sea and started slightly. Damned if that wasn't a sailing ship standing out of the old harbor- Porto Vecchio. The night was so clear that Richardson had no difficulty making out the silhouette. Then the thought of a cloudless sky made him shiver, and he glanced upward. His eyes boggled.

It was a clear night and it was raining!   Capt& Michael A& Musmanno, Military governor of the Sorrentine Peninsula, had also seen and felt the "rain". But he had mistaken it for bugs.

Captain Musmanno's renovated schooner with the flamboyant name <Unsinkable> had just left Porto Vecchio with a cargo of badly-needed olive oil for the Sorrentine's civilian population. Musmanno was on deck. At exactly 7:30, he felt a fluttering object brush his face. He snatched at it savagely. He turned the beam of his flashlight on it. He laughed. It was the silver foil from the chocolate bar he had been eating. He frowned. But how could-? Another, longer strip of tinsel whipped his mouth. It was two feet long. It was not candy wrapping.   
It was "window"- the tinsel paper dropped by bombers to jam radar sets, to fill the scope with hundreds of blips that would seem to be approaching bombers.   
"Fermate"! Musmanno bellowed to his Italian crewmen. "Stop! Stop the engines"!   <Unsinkable> slowed and stopped, hundreds of brilliant white flares swayed eerily down from the black, the air raid sirens ashore rose in a keening shriek, the anti-aircraft guns coughed and chattered- and above it all motors roared and the bombs came whispering and wailing and crashing down among the ships at anchor at Bari.   
They had come from airports in the Balkans, these hundred-odd Junkers 88's. They had winged over the Adriatic, they had taken Bari by complete surprise and now they were battering her, attacking with deadly skill. They had ruined the radar warning system with their window, they had made themselves invisible above their flares. And they also had the lights of the city, the port wall lanterns, and a shore crane's spotlight to guide on. After the first two were blacked out, the third light was abandoned by a terrified Italian crew, who left their light to shine for nine minutes like an unerring homing beacon until British ~MP's shot it out.   
In that interval, the German bombers made a hell of Bari harbor.   
Merchant ships illuminated in the light of the flares, made to seem like stones imbedded in a lake of polished mud, were impossible to miss. The little <Unsinkable> sank almost immediately. Captain Musmanno roared at his men to lash three of the casks of olive oil together for a raft. They got it over the side and clambered aboard only a few minutes before their schooner went under.   
<John Bascom> went down early, too. Ensign Vesole and his gunners had fought valiantly, but they had no targets. Most of the Junkers were above the blinding light of the flares, and the radar-controlled shore gun had been knocked out by one of the first sticks of bombs. Vesole rushed from gun to gun, attempting to direct fire. He was wounded, but fought on. Norton and Rochford fired wildly at the sounds of the motors. Bishop rushed on deck to grab a 20~mm gun, pumping out 400 rounds before sticks of three bombs each crashed into Holds One, Three and Five. Now the <Bascom> was mortally wounded. Luckily, she was not completely aflame and would go down before the gasoline could erupt.

The order to abandon ship was given, but cries of pain could be heard from the wounded below decks.

THERE IS a pause in the merriment as your friends gaze at you, wondering why you are staring, open-mouthed in amazement. You explain, "I have the strangest feeling of having lived through this very same event before. I can't tell when, but I'm positive I witnessed this same scene of this particular gathering at some time in the past"!   This experience will have happened to many of you.   
Emerson, in his lecture, refers to the "**h startling experience which almost every person confesses in daylight, that particular passages of conversation and action have occurred to him in the same order before, whether dreaming or waking, a suspicion that they have been with precisely these persons in precisely this room, and heard precisely this dialogue, at some former hour, they know not when".

Most psychiatrists dismiss these instances of that weird feeling as the <deja vue (already seen)> illusion, just as they dismiss dream previsions as coincidences. In this manner they side-step the seemingly hopeless investigation of the greater depths of mystery in which all of us grope continually.   
When a man recognizes a certain experience as the exact pattern of a previous dream, we have an instance of <deja vue>, except for the fact that he knows just why the experience seems familiar. Occasionally there are examples of prevision which cannot be pushed aside without confessing an unscientific attitude.

One day Maeterlinck, coming with a friend upon an event which he recognized as the exact pattern of a previous dream, detailed the ensuing occurrences in advance so accurately that his companion was completely mystified.   
Rudyard Kipling's scorn for the "jargon" of psychical research was altered somewhat when he wondered "**h how, or why, had I been shown an unreleased roll of my life film"? The famous author tells us of the strange incident in <Something About Myself>.   
One day when he attended a war memorial ceremony in Westminster Abbey his view was obstructed by a stout man on his left, his attention turned to the irregular pattern of the rough slab flooring and someone, clasping him by the arm, whispered, "I want a word with you, please". At that moment Kipling was overwhelmed with awed amazement, suddenly recalling that these identical details of scene, action and word had occurred to him in a dream six weeks earlier.   
Freud probably contributed more than anyone else to the understanding of dreams, enabling us to recognize their equivalents in our wakeful thoughts. However, readers who accept Freud's findings and believe that he has solved completely the mystery of dreams, should ponder over the following words in his <Interpretation Of Dreams,> Chapter /1,: "**h as a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case, and what is more, every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain **h nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the mantic or prophetic power of dreams".

Dreams present many mysteries of telepathy, clairvoyance, prevision and retrovision. <The basic mystery of dreams, which embraces all the others and challenges us from even the most common typical dream, is in the fact that they are original, visual continuities>.

I recall the startling, vivid realism of a dream in which I lived through the horror of the bombing of a little Korean town. I am sure that nothing within me is capable of composing that life-like sequence, so complete in detail, from the hodge-podge of news pictures I have seen. And when psychology explains glibly, "but the subconscious mind is able to produce it" it refers to a mental region so vaguely identified that it may embrace the entire universal mind as conceivably as part of the individual mind.   
Skeptics may deny the more startling phenomena of dreams as things they have never personally observed, but failure to wonder at their basic mystery is outright avoidance of routine evidence.   
The question becomes, "What is a dream"?   Is a dream simply a mental or cerebral movie?

Every dream, and this is true of a mental image of any type even though it may be readily interpreted into its equivalent of wakeful thought, is a psychic phenomenon for which no explanation is available. In most cases we recognize certain words, persons, animals or objects. But these are dreamed in original action, in some particular continuity which we don't remember having seen in real life. For instance, the dreamer sees himself seated behind neighbor Smith and, with photographic realism, sees Smith driving the car; whereas, it is a matter of fact that Smith cannot drive a car. There is nothing to suggest that the brain can alter past impressions to fit into an original, realistic and unbroken continuity like we experience in dreams.

The entire concept of cerebral imagery as the physical basis of a mental image can find no logical support. <A "mental image" subconsciously impressing us from beneath its language symbols in wakeful thought, or consciously in light sleep, is actually not an image at all but is comprised of realities, viewed not in the concurrent sensory stream, but within the depths of the fourth dimension>.   
Dreams that display events of the future with photographic detail call for a theory explaining their basic mystery and all its components, including that weird feeling of <deja vue>, inevitably fantastic though that theory must seem.   
As in the theory of perception, established in psycho-physiology, the eye is recognized as an integral part of the brain. But then this theory confesses that it is completely at a loss as to how the image can possibly be received by the brain. The opening paragraph of the chapter titled <The Theory Of Representative Perception,> in the book <Philosophies Of Science> by Albert G& Ramsperger says, "**h passed on to the brain, and there, by some unexplained process, it causes the mind to have a perception".

But why is it necessary to reproduce the retinal image within the brain? As retinal images are conceded to be an integral function of the brain it seems logical to suppose that the nerves, between the inner brain and the eyes, carry the direct drive for cooperation from the various brain centers- rather than to theorize on the transmission of an image which is already in required location. Hereby, the external object viewed by the eyes remains the thing that is seen, not the retinal image, the purpose of which would be to achieve perceptive cooperation by stirring sympathetic impulses in the other sensory centers, motor tensions, associated word symbols, and consciousness.

Modern physics has developed the theory that all matter consists of minute waves of energy. We know that the number of radio and television impulses, sound waves, ultra-violet rays, etc&, that may occupy the very same space, each solitary upon its own frequency, is infinite. So we may conceive the coexistence of the infinite number of universal, apparently momentary states of matter, successive one after another in consciousness, but permanent each on its own basic phase of the progressive frequencies. This theory makes it possible for any event throughout eternity to be continuously available at any moment to consciousness.   
Space in any form is completely measured by the three dimensions. If the fourth dimension is a physical concept and not purely metaphysical, through what medium does it extend? It is not through space nor time that the time machine most approved by science fiction must travel for a visit to the permanent prehistoric past, or the ever-existent past-fantasy future. Three seconds flat is the usual time, and the space is crossed by moderate mileage, while the overwhelming immensity of such journeys must be conceived as a static pulsation through an enormous number of coexistent frequencies which perpetuate all events.   
The body, senses and brain, in common with all matter, have their counterpart on each of a countless number of frequencies. The senses in each counterpart bear the impression only of phenomena that share its own frequency, whereas those upon all other frequencies are invisible, inaudible and intactible to them. Consciousness is the factor that provides the progressive continuity to sensory impressions. When consciousness deserts the sleeping body and the wakeful world, it continues in the myriad progressions of the ever-present past and future, in a life as vibrant and real as the one left when the body tired and required sleep.   
If the photographically realistic continuity of dreams, however bizarre their combinations, denies that it is purely a composition of the brain, it must be compounded from views of diverse realities, although some of them may never be encountered in what we are pleased to call the real life.   
Dr& H& V& Hilprecht, Professor of Assyrian at the University of Pennsylvania, dreamed that a Babylonian priest, associated with the king Kurigalzu, (1300 B&C&) escorted him to the treasure chamber of the temple of Bel, gave him six novel points of information about a certain broken relic, and corrected an error in its identification. As a matter of fact, the incorrect classification, the result of many weeks of labor by Dr& Hilprecht, was about to be published by him the following day. Some time later the missing part of the relic was found and the complete inscription, together with other new evidence, fully corroborated the ancient priest's information. Dr& Hilprecht was uncertain as to the language used by the ancient priest in his dream. He was almost positive it was not Assyrian nor Cassite, and imagined it must have been German or English.   
We may conclude that all six points of information, ostensibly given by the dream priest, <could have> been furnished by Dr& Hilprecht's <subconscious> reasoning. But, in denying any physical reality for this dream, how could the brain possibly compose that realistic, vividly visual continuity uninterrupted by misty fadeout, violent break or sudden substitution? Which theory is more fantastic: 1. that the perfect continuity was composed from the joblot of memory impressions in the professor's brain, or 2. that the dream was a reality on the infinite progressions of universal, gradient frequencies, across which the modern professor and the priest of ancient Nippur met?

The degree of circumstance, the ratio of memory to forgetfulness, determines whether a dream will be a recognized, fulfilled prevision, or the vaguely, effective source of the weird <deja vue> feeling. No doubt some experiences vanish so completely as to leave no trace on the sleeper's mind. Probably less than one percent of our previsions escape final obliteration before we wake. When we arrive at the events concerned in the vanished majority, they, of course, cannot impress us as anything familiar. Nevertheless, there are notably frequent instances of <deja vue,> in which our recognition of an entirely novel event is a feeling of having lived through it before, a feeling which, though vague, withstands the verbal barrage from the most impressive corps of psychologists. If <deja vue> is an illusion, then peculiarly, it is a most prevalent mental disturbance affecting even the most level-headed people.   
Chauncey Depew, one-time runner-up for the Republican Presidential nomination, was attending a convention at Saratoga, where he was scheduled to nominate Colonel Theodore Roosevelt for Governor of New York when he noticed that the temporary chairman was a man he had never met. After the preliminary business affair was finished Depew arose and delivered the convincing speech that clinched the nomination for Roosevelt. If Depew had told any academic psychologist that he had a weird feeling of having lived through that identical convention session at some time in the past, he would have been informed that he was a victim of <deja vue>. But the famous orator felt more than vague recognition for the scene. He remembered exactly when he had lived through it before, and he had something to prove he had.   
One week before the convention, Depew was seated on the porch of a country home on the Hudson, gazing at the opposite shore.

"THE FOOD IS WONDERFUL and it is a lot of fun to be here"!

So wrote a ten year old student in a letter to his parents from North Country School, Lake Placid, New York. In this one sentence, he unwittingly revealed the basic philosophy of the nutrition and psychological programs in operation at the school.   
Because the food is selected with thought for its nutritional value, care for its origin, and prepared in a manner that retains the most nutrients, the food <does> taste good. When served in a psychological atmosphere that allows young bodies to assimilate the greatest good from what they eat because they are free from tension, a foundation is laid for a high level of health that releases the children from physical handicaps to participate with enjoyment in the work assignments, the athletic programs and the most important phase, the educational opportunities.

Situated in a region of some of the loveliest mountain scenery in the country, the school buildings are located amid open fields and farm lands. These contemporary structures, beautifully adapted to a school in the country, are home to 60 children, ages eight to fourteen, grades four through eight. From fourteen states and three foreign countries they come to spend the months from mid-September to June.

The Director, Walter E& Clark, believes that a school with children living full time in its care must take full responsibility for their welfare. To him this means caring for the whole child, providing basic nutrition, and a spiritual attitude that lends freedom for the development of the mind.

#IMPROVED FARMING METHODS#

The concept of good nutrition really began with the garden. The school has always maintained a farm to supply the needs of the school. In a climate hostile to agriculture, Mr& Clark has had to keep alert to the most productive farm techniques.   
Where a growing season may, with luck, allow 60 days without frost, and where the soil is poor, sandy, quick-drying and subject to erosion, many farmers fail. Throughout the Adirondack region abandoned farm homes and wild orchards bear ghostly testimony that their owners met defeat.   
Mr& Clark found that orthodox procedures of deep plowing, use of chemical fertilizers and insecticides, plus the application of conservation principles of rotation and contouring, did not prevent sheet erosion in the potato fields and depreciation of the soil.   
"To give up these notions required a revolution in thought", Mr& Clark said in reminiscing about the abrupt changes in ideas he experienced when he began reading "Organic Gardening" and "Modern Nutrition" in a search for help with his problems.   
"Louis Bromfield's writings excited me as a conservationist". By 1952 he was convinced he would no longer spray. He locked his equipment in a cabinet where it still remains. After reading "Plowman's Folly" by Edward H& Faulkner, he stopped plowing.   
The basis for compost materials already existed on the school farm with a stable of animals for the riding program, poultry for eggs, pigs to eat garbage, a beef herd and wastes of all kinds. Separate pails were kept in the kitchen for coffee grounds and egg shells.   
All these materials and supplementary manure and other fertilizers from neighboring dairy and poultry farms made over 40 tons of finished compost a year. It was applied with a compost shredder made from a converted manure spreader. Years of patient application of compost and leaf mulching has changed the structure of the soil and its water-holding capacity. Soon after the method changed, visitors began asking how he managed to irrigate his soil to keep it looking moist, when in reality, it was the soil treatment alone that accomplished this.   
To demonstrate the soil of his vegetable gardens as it is today, Mr& Clark stooped to scoop up a handful of rich dark earth. Sniffing its sweet smell and letting it fall to show its good crumbly consistency, he pointed to the nearby driveway and said, "This soil used to be like that hard packed road over there".   
"People and soils respond slowly", says Walter Clark, "but the time has now come when the gardens produce delicious long-keeping vegetables due to this enrichment program. No chemical fertilizers and poisonous insecticides and fungicides are used".   
The garden supplies enough carrots, turnips, rutabagas, potatoes, beets, cabbage and squash to store for winter meals in the root cellar. The carrots sometimes don't make it through the winter; the cabbage and squash keep until March or April. There is never enough corn, peas or strawberries.   
Mr& Clark still has to use rotenone with potatoes grown on the least fertile fields, but he has watched the insect damage decrease steadily and hopes that continued use of compost and leaf mulch will allow him to do without it in the future. A new project planned is the use of Bio-Dynamic Starter.

New ideas for improving nutrition came with the study of soil treatment. "After the soil, the kitchen", says Mr& Clark. The first major change was that of providing wholewheat bread instead of white bread.   
"Adults take a long time to convince and you are thwarted if you try to push". At first the kitchen help was tolerant, but ordered their own supply of white bread for themselves. "You can't make French toast with whole-wheat bread", was an early complaint. Of course they learned in time that they not only could use whole-wheat bread, but the children liked it better.

#HOMEMADE BREAD#

Mrs& Clark, as house manager, planned the menus and cared for the ordering. Then Miss Lillian Colman came from Vermont to be kitchen manager. Today whole grains are freshly ground every day and baked into bread. Mr& Clark's studies taught him that the only way to conserve the vitamins in the whole grain was prompt use of the flour. Once the grains are ground, vitamin ~E begins to deteriorate immediately and half of it is lost by oxidation and exposure to the air within one week.   
A mill stands in a room off the kitchen. Surrounding it are metal cans of grains ordered from organic farms in the state. Miss Colman pours measures of whole wheat, oats, and soy beans and turns on the motor. She goes on about her work and listens for the completion of the grinding. The bread baked from this mixture is light in color and fragrant in aroma. It is well liked by the children and faculty.   
There is one problem with the bread. "Lillian's bread is so good and everything tastes so much better here that it is hard not to eat too much", said the secretary ruefully eyeing her extra pounds.

#HOT, FRESHLY-GROUND CEREAL#

The school has not used cold prepared cereals for years, though at one time that was all they ever served. When the chance came, they first eliminated cold cereal once a week, then gradually converted to hot fresh-ground cereal every day.   
They serve cracked wheat, oats or cornmeal. Occasionally, the children find steamed, whole-wheat grains for cereal which they call "buckshot". At the beginning of the school year, the new students don't eat the cereal right away, but within a short time they are eating it voraciously.   
When they leave for vacations they miss the hot cereal. The school has received letters from parents asking, "What happened to Johnny? He never used to like any hot cereal, now that's the only kind he wants. Where can we get this cereal he likes so much"?

#BODY-BUILDING FOODS#

Salads are served at least once a day. Vegetables are served liberally. Most come from the root cellar or from the freezer. Home-made sauerkraut is served once a week. Sprouted grains and seeds are used in salads and dishes such as chop suey. Sometimes sprouted wheat is added to bread and causes the children to remark, "Lillian, did you put nuts in the bread today"?   Milk appears twice a day. The school raises enough poultry, pigs, and beef cattle for most of their needs. Lots of cheese made from June grass milk is served. Hens are kept on the range and roosters are kept with them for their fertility.

Organ meats such as beef and chicken liver, tongue and heart are planned once a week. Also, salt water fish is on the table once a week.

For deserts, puddings and pies are each served once a week. Most other desserts are fruit in some form, fresh fruits once daily at least, sometimes at snack time. Dried fruits are purchased from sources where they are neither sulphured nor sprayed. Apples come from a farm in Vermont where they are not sprayed. Oranges and grapefruit are shipped from Florida weekly from an organic farm.   
Finding sources for these high quality foods is a problem. Sometimes the solution comes in unexpected ways. Following a talk by Mr& Clark at the New York State Natural Food Associates Convention, a man from the audience offered to ship his unsprayed apples to the school from Vermont.   
Wheat-germ, brewer's yeast and ground kelp are used in bread and in dishes such as spaghetti sauce, meat loaves. Miss Colman hopes to find suitable shakers so that kelp can be available at the tables. Raw wheat-germ is available on the breakfast table for the children to help themselves.   
Very few fried foods are used and the use of salt and pepper is discouraged. Drinking with meals is also discouraged; pitchers of water merely appear on the tables.

Nothing is peeled. The source is known so there is no necessity to remove insecticide residues. The cooking conserves a maximum of the vitamin ~C content of vegetables by methods which use very little water and cook in the shortest time possible.

#WHOLESOME SNACKS, NO CANDY#

Since Mr& Clark believes firmly that the chewing of hard foods helps develop healthy gums and teeth, raw vegetables and raw whole-wheat grains are handed out with fresh fruit and whole-wheat cookies at snack time in the afternoons. To solve the problem of the wheat grains spilling on the floor and getting underfoot, a ball of maple syrup boiled to candy consistency was invented to hold the grains.

On their frequent hikes into the nearby mountains, the children carry whole grains to munch along the trail. They learn to like these so well that it isn't surprising to hear that one boy tried the oats he was feeding his horse at chore time. They tasted good to him, so he brought some to breakfast to eat in his cereal bowl with milk and honey.   
Maple syrup is made by the children in the woods on the school grounds. This and raw sugar replace ordinary refined sugar on the tables and very little sugar is used in cooking. Candy is not allowed. Parents are asked in the bulletin to send packages of treats consisting of fruit and nuts, but no candy.

#NOURISHING MEALS#

Mr& Clark believes in a good full breakfast of fruit, hot cereal, milk, honey, whole-wheat toast with real butter and eggs. The heavy meal comes in the middle of the day. Soup is often the important dish at supper. Homemade of meat, bones and vegetables, it is rich in dissolved minerals and vitamins.   
The school finds that the children are satisfied with smaller amounts of food since all of it is high in quality. The cost to feed one person is just under one dollar a day.

#OUTDOOR EXERCISES#

Even before he saw the necessity of growing better food and planning good nutrition, Mr& Clark felt the school had a good health program. Rugged outdoor exercise for an hour and a half every day in all kinds of weather was the rule. A vigorous program existed in skiing, skating sports and overnight hiking.

#HEALTHIER CHILDREN#

Since the change to better nutrition, he feels he can report on improvements in health, though he considers the following statements observations and not scientific proof.   
Visitors to the school ask what shampoo they use on the children's hair to bring out the sheen. The ruddy complexion of the faces also brings comment.

BUFFETED by swirling winds, the little green biplane struggled northward between the mountains beyond Northfield Gulf. Wires whined as a cold November blast rocked the silver wings, but the engine roar was reassuring to the pilot bundled in the open cockpit. He peered ahead and grinned as the railroad tracks came into view again below.   
"Good old iron compass"! he thought.   
A plume of smoke rose from a Central Vermont locomotive which idled behind a string of gravel cars, and little figures that were workmen labored to set the ruptured roadbed to rights. The girders of a shattered Dog River bridge lay strewn for half a mile downstream. Vermont's main railroad line was prostrate. And in the dark days after the Great Flood of 1927- the worst natural disaster in the state's history- the little plane was its sole replacement in carrying the United States mails.   
Rain of near cloudburst proportions had fallen for three full days and it was still raining on the morning of Friday, November 4, 1927, when officials of the Post Office Department's Railway Mail Service realized that their distribution system for Vermont had been almost totally destroyed overnight. Clerks and postmasters shoveled muck out of their offices- those who still had offices- and wondered how to move the mail. The state's railroad system counted miles of broken bridges and missing rights-of-way: it would obviously remain out of commission for weeks. And once medicine, food, clothing and shelter had been provided for the flood's victims, communications and the mail were the next top problems.   
From Burlington, outgoing mail could be ferried across Lake Champlain to the railroad at Port Kent, N& Y&. But what came in was piling up. The nearest undisrupted end of track from Boston was at Concord, N& H&. When Governor Al Smith offered New York National Guard planes to fly the mail in and out of the state, it seemed a likely temporary solution, easing Burlington's bottleneck and that at Montpelier too.   
The question was "Where to land"? There was no such thing as an airport in Vermont. Burlington aviator John J& Burns suggested the parade ground southwest of Fort Ethan Allen, and soon a dozen hastily-summoned National Guard pilots were bringing their wide-winged "Jenny" and DeHaviland two-seaters to rest on the frozen sod of the military base.   
The only available field that could be used near flood-ravaged Montpelier was on the Towne farm off upper Main Street, a narrow hillside where takeoffs and landings could be safely made only under light wind conditions. Over in Barre the streets had been deep in swirling water, and bridges were crumpled and gone. Anticipating delivery of medicines and yeast by plane, Granite City citizens formed an airfield committee and with the aid of quarrymen and the 172nd Infantry, Vermont National Guard, laid out runways on Wilson flat, high on Millstone Hill. The "Barre Aviation Field" was set to receive its first aircraft the Sunday following the flood.   
Though the makeshift airports were ready, the York State Guard flyers proved unable to keep any kind of mail schedule. They had courage but their meager training consisted of weekend hops in good weather, in and out of established airports, And the increasingly cold weather soon raised hob with the water cooled engines of their World War /1, planes. It seemed like a good time for officials to use a recently-passed law empowering the post office department to contract for the transport of first class mail by air. They had to act fast, for letters were clogging the terminals.   
Down in Concord, New Hampshire, was a flier in the right place at the right time: Robert S& Fogg, a native New Englander, had been a World War /1, flying instructor, barnstormer, and one of the original planners of the Concord Airport. Tall, wiry, dark-haired Bob Fogg had already racked up one historical first in air mail history. Piloting a Curtiss Navy ~MF flying boat off Lake Winnipesaukee in 1925, he had inaugurated the original Rural Delivery air service in America.   
During the excitement following Lindbergh's flight to Paris earlier in 1927, dare devil aviators overnight became legendary heroes. In Concord, Bob Fogg was the most prominent New Hampshire boy with wings. Public-spirited backers staked him to a brand-new airplane, aimed at putting their city and state on the flying map. The ship was a Waco biplane, one of the first two of its type to be fitted with the air cooled, 225~HP Wright radial engine known as the Whirlwind. A trim green and silver-painted craft only 22-1/2 feet long, the Waco was entered to compete in the "On-to-Spokane" Air Derby of 1927. As a matter of fact, Fogg and his plane didn't get beyond Pennsylvania in the race- an engine oil leak forced him down- but the flying service and school he started subsequently were first steps in paying off his wry-faced backers. So with all this experience, Bob Fogg was a natural choice to receive the first Emergency Air Mail Star Route contract. His work began just six days after the flood.   
By airline from Concord to Burlington is a distance of about 150 miles, counting a slight deviation for the stop at either Barre or Montpelier. The first few days Bob Fogg set his plane down on Towne field back of the State House when the wind was right, and used Wilson flat above Barre when it wasn't. Between the unsafe Towne field and the long roundabout back road haul that was necessary to gain access to Wilson flat, arrangements at the state capital were far from satisfactory. Each time in, the unhappy pilot, pushing his luck, begged the postal officials that met him to find a safer landing place, preferably on the flat-topped hills across the Winooski River.   
"But Fogg", they countered, "we can't get over there. And besides you seem to make it all right here". It took a tragedy to bring things to a head. After a week of precarious uphill landings and downwind takeoffs, Fogg one day looked down at the shattered yellow wreckage of an Army plane strewn across snow-covered Towne field. Sent to Montpelier by Secretary Herbert Hoover, Red Cross Aide Reuben Sleight had been killed, and his pilot, Lt& Franklin Wolfe, badly injured. With the field a blur of white the unfortunate pilot had simply flown into the hillside.   
Faced with this situation, Postmaster Charles F& McKenna of Montpelier went with Fogg on a Burlington trip, and together they scouted the terrain on the heights of Berlin. A long flat known as the St& John field seemed to answer their purpose, and since the Winooski bridges were at last passable, they decided to use it.   
With a wary eye on the farmer's bull, Fred Somers of Montpelier and Mr& St& John marked the field with a red table cloth. As a wind direction indicator, they tied a cotton rag to a sapling. With these aids, and a pair of skiis substituting for wheels on the Waco, Bob Fogg made the first landing on what is now part of the Barre-Montpelier Airport on November 21, 1927.   
Each trip saw the front cockpit filled higher with mail pouches. During the second week of operations, Fogg received a telegram from the Post Office Department, asking him to "put on two airplanes and make two flights daily, plus one Sunday trip". Since Fogg's was a one-man, one-plane flying service, this meant that he would have to do both trips, flying alone 600 miles a day, under sub-freezing temperature conditions.   
Over the weeks, America's first Star Route Air Mail settled into a routine pattern despite the vagaries of weather and the lack of ground facilities and aids to navigation. Each morning at five Fogg crawled out of bed to bundle into flying togs over the furnace register of his home. Always troubled by poor circulation in his feet, he experimented with various combinations of socks and shoes before finally adopting old-style felt farmer's boots with his sheepskin flying boots pulled over them. A sheep-lined leather flying suit, plus helmet, goggles and mittens completed his attire for the rigors of the open cockpit. The airman's stock answer to "Weren't you cold"? became "Yes, the first half hour is tough, but by then I'm so numb I don't notice it"!

As daylight began to show through the frosty windows, Fogg would place a call to William A& Shaw at the U& S& Weather Station at Northfield, Vermont, for temperature and wind-velocity readings. Shaw could also give the flyer a pretty good idea of area visibility by a visual check of the mountains to be seen from his station. "Ceilings" were judged by comparison with known mountain heights and cloud positions. Later on in the day Fogg could get a better weather picture from the Burlington Weather Bureau supervised by Frank E& Hartwell.   
Out at the airport each morning, Fogg's skilled mechanic Caleb Marston would have the Waco warmed up and running in the drafty hangar. (He'd get the engine oil flowing with an electric heater under a big canvas cover.) Wishing to show that aviation was dependable and here to stay, Bob Fogg always made a point of taking off each morning on the dot of seven, disregarding rain, snow and sleet in true postal tradition. Concord learned to set its clocks by the rackety bark of the Whirlwind's exhaust overhead. Sometimes the pilot had to turn back if fully blocked by fog, but 85% of his trips were completed.   
Plane radios were not yet available, and once in the air, Fogg flew his ship by compass, a good memory for landmarks as seen from above, and a capacity for dead reckoning and quick computation. Often, threading through the overcast, he was forced to fly close to the ground by a low ceiling, skimming above the Winooski or the White River along the line of the broken railroad. When driving rain or mist socked in one valley, Fogg would chandelle up and over to reverse course and try another one, ranging from the Ottauquechee up to Danville in search of safe passage through the mountain passes.   
The dependable Wright engine was never stopped on these trips. It ticked over smoothly, idling while Fogg exchanged mails with the armed messenger from Burlington at Fort Ethan Allen, and one from Montpelier and Barre at the St& John field.

Sometimes, on a return trip, the aviator would "go upstairs" high over the clouds. There he'd take a compass heading, figure his air speed, and deduce that in a certain number of minutes he'd be over the broad meadows of the Merrimack Valley where it would be safe to let down through the overcast and see the ground before it hit him. Bob Fogg didn't have today's advantages of Instrument Flight and Ground Control Approach systems. At the end of the calculated time he'd nose the Waco down through the cloud bank and hope to break through where some feature of the winter landscape would be recognizable.

Usually back in Concord by noon, there was just time to get partially thawed out, refuel, and grab a bit of Mrs& Fogg's hot broth before starting the second trip. Day after day Fogg shuttled back and forth on his one-man air mail route, until the farmers in their snowy barnyards and the road repairmen came to recognize the stubby plane as their link with the rest of the country.   
The flyer had his share of near-misses. At Fort Ethan Allen the ever-present wind off Lake Champlain could readily flip a puny man-made thing like an airplane if the pilot miscalculated. Once the soldiers from the barracks had to hold the ship from blowing away while Fogg revved the engine and got the tail up. At a nod of his head they let go, turning to cup their ears against the icy slipstream. Tracks in the snow showed the plane was airborne in less than a hundred feet.

One afternoon during a cold, powdery snowstorm, Fogg took off for Concord from the St& John field. {A}re you retiring now? If so, are you saying, "Where did the last few years go? How did I get to be sixty-five so fast? What do I do now"?   Yes, retirement seems to creep upon you suddenly. Somehow we old-timers never figured we would ever retire. We always thought we would die with our boots on. Out of the blue comes talk of pension plans. Compulsory retirement at sixty-five looms on our horizon. Still, it seems in the far future. Suddenly, one day, up it pops! Sixty-five years and you've had it!   So, now what? Oh sure! You've thought about it before in a hazy sort of way. But! It never seemed real; never seemed as if it could happen to you; only to the other fellow.   
Now! Here it is! How am I going to live? What am I going to do? Where do I go from here?   A great many retired people are the so-called white collar workers. Are you one of these?   If so, you are of the old school. You are conscientious, hard working, honest, accurate, a good penman, and a stickler for a job well done, with no loose ends. Everything must balance to the last penny. Also you can spell, without consulting a dictionary for every other word. You never are late for work and seldom absent. ##

{Actually, you can take no special credit for this.} It is the way you were taught and your way of life. All this is standard equipment for a man of your day; your stock in trade; your livelihood.   
However, the last few years of your life, things seem to be changing. Your way doesn't seem to be so darned important any more. You realize you are getting in the old fogy class. To put it bluntly, you are getting out-moded.   
What's happened? The answer is a new era.   
Now, looming on the horizon are such things as estimated totals, calculated risks and I&B&M& machines. The Planning Dept& comes into existence. All sorts of plans come to life. This is followed by a boom in conferences. Yes sir! Conferences become very popular. When a plan burst its seams, hasty conferences supply the necessary patch, and life goes merrily on. That's called progress! The new way of life! Let's face it! You had your day and it was a good day. Let this generation have theirs. Time marches on!   Well, to get back to the problem of retirement. Every retiring person has a different situation facing him. Some have plenty of money- some have very little money. Some are blest with an abundance of good health- some are in poor health and many are invalids. Some have lovely homes- some live in small apartments. Some have beautiful gardens- some not even a blade of grass. Some have serenity of mind, the ability to accept what they have, and make the most of it (a wonderful gift to have, believe me)- some see only darkness, the bitter side of everything. Well, whatever you have, that's it! You've got to learn to live with it.   
Now! The question is "How are you going to live with it"? ##

{You can sit back and moan and bewail your lot.} Yes! You can do this. But, if you do, your life will be just one thing- unhappiness- complete and unabridged.   
It seems to me, the first thing you've got to do, to be happy, is to face up to your problems, no matter what they may be. Make up your mind to pool your resources and get the most out of your remaining years of life. One thing, I am sure of, you must get an interest in life. You've got to do something.   
Many of you will say, "Well, what can I do"?   Believe me! There are many, many things to do. Find out what you like to do most and really give it a whirl. If you can't think of a thing to do, try something- anything. Maybe you will surprise yourself.   
True! We are not all great artists. I, frankly, can't draw a straight line. Maybe you are not that gifted either, but how about puttering around with the old paints? You may amaze yourself and acquire a real knack for it. Anyway, I'll bet you have a lot of fun.   
Do you like to sew? Does making your own clothes or even doll clothes, interest you? Do you love to run up a hem, sew on buttons, make neat buttonholes? If you do, go to it. There is always a market for this line of work. Some women can sit and sew, crochet, tat or knit by the hour, and look calm and relaxed and turn out beautiful work. Where sewing is concerned, I'm a total loss. When you see a needle in my hands you will know the family buttons have fallen off and I have to sew them back on, or get out the safety pins.   
Then again, there's always that lovely old pastime of hooking or braiding rugs. Not for me, but perhaps just the thing for you.   
{Well! How's about mosaic tile, ceramics or similar arts and crafts?} Some people love to crack tile and it's amazing what beautiful designs they come up with as a result of their cracking good time.   
How about the art of cooking? Do you yearn to make cakes and pies, or special cookies and candies? There is always an open market for this sort of delicacy, in spite of low calorie diets, cottage cheese and hands-off-all-sweets to the contrary.   
Some people can carve most anything out of a piece of wood. Some make beautiful chairs, cabinets, chests, doll houses, etc&. Perhaps you couldn't do that but have you ever tried to see what you could do with a hunk of wood? Outside of cutting your fingers, maybe you would come up with nothing at all, but then again, you might turn out some dandy little gadgets.   
Some women get a real thrill out of housework. They love to dust, scrub, polish, wax floors, move the furniture around from place to place, take down the curtains, put up new ones and have themselves a real ball. Maybe that's your forte. It certainly isn't mine. I can look at furniture in one spot year in and year out and really feel for sure that's where it belongs. ##

{Perhaps you would like to become a writer.} This gives you a wide and varied choice. Will it be short stories, fiction, nonfiction, biography, poetry, children's stories, or even a book if you are really ambitious?   Ever since I was a child, I have always had a yen to try my hand at writing. If you do decide to write, you will soon become acquainted with rejection slips and dejection. Don't be discouraged! This is just being a normal writer. Just let the rejection slips fall where they may, and keep on plugging, and finally you will make the grade. Few new writers have their first story accepted, so they tell me. But, it could happen, and it may happen to you.   
Then there's always hobbies, collecting stamps, coins, timetables, salt and pepper shakers, elephants, dogs, dolls, shells, or shall we just say collecting anything your heart desires?   I can hear some of you folks protesting. You say, "But it costs a lot of money to have a hobby. I haven't got that kind of money".   
True! It does cost a lot of money for most hobbies but there are hobbies that are for free. How about a rock collection, or a collection of leaves from different trees or shrubs and in different colors? Then, take flowers. They are many and varied. Also, there's scrap books, collecting newspaper pictures and clippings, or any items of interest to you. It's getting interested in something that counts. ##

{As for me, I am holding in reserve two huge puzzles (I love puzzles)} to put together when time hangs heavy on my hands. So far, the covers have never been off the boxes. I just don't have time to do half the things I want to do now.

So in closing, fellow retired members, I advise you to make the most of each day, enjoy each one to the ~n'th degree. Travel, if you can. Keep occupied to the point you are not bored with life and you will truly find these final days and years of your lives to be sunshine sweet.   
Good Luck! To one and all- Good Days ahead! {A}n important criterion of maturity is creativity. The mature person is creative. What does it mean to be creative, a term we hear with increasing frequency these days? When we turn to Noah Webster we find him helpful as usual. "To be creative is to have the ability to cause to exist- to produce where nothing was before- to bring forth an original production of human intelligence or power". We are creative, it seems, when we produce something which has not previously existed. Thus creativity may run all the way from making a cake, building a chicken coop, or producing a book, to founding a business, creating a League of Nations or, developing a mature character.   
All living creatures from the lowest form of insect or animal life evidence the power of creativity, if it is only to reproduce a form like their own. While man shares this procreative function with all his predecessors in the evolutionary process, he is the only animal with a true non-instinctive and conscious creative ability. An animal, bird or insect creates either a burrow, or nest or hive in unending sameness according to specie. Man's great superiority over these evolutionary forbears is in the development of his imagination. This gives him the power to form in his mind new image combinations of old memories, ideas and experiences and to project them outside of himself into his environment in new and ever-changing forms. ##

{I}t has been truly said that anything man can imagine he can produce or create by projecting this inner image into its counterpart in the objective world. In our own time we have seen the most fantastic imagery of a Jules Verne come into actuality. The vision of a Lord Tennyson expressed in a poem 100 years ago took visible form over London in the air blitzes of 1941. In fact all of our civilized world is the resultant of man's projection of his imagination over the past 60 centuries or more. It is in this one aspect, at least, that man seems to be made in the image of his Creator.   
Not only can man project his imagination out into his environment in concrete forms, but even more importantly, he can turn it inward to help create new and better forms of himself. We recognize that young people through imaginative mind and body training can become athletes, acrobats, dancers, musicians and artists, developing many potentialities. We know that actors can learn to portray a wide variety of character roles. By this same combination of the will and the imagination, each one of us can learn to portray permanently the kind of character we would like to be. We must realize with Prof& Charles Morris in his THE OPEN SELF that "Man is the being that can continually remake himself, the artisan that is himself the material for his own creation". ##

{S}o far in history man has been too greatly over-occupied with projecting things into his environment rather than first creating the sort of person who can make the highest use of the things he has created. Is not the present world crisis a race between things we have created which can now destroy us and between populations of sufficient wisdom and character to forestall the tragedy. Is it not the obligation of us older citizens to lend our weight to being creative on the character side and to hasten our own maturing process?   Sir Julian Huxley in his book UNIQUENESS OF MAN makes the novel point that just as man is unique in being the only animal which requires a long period of infancy and childhood under family protection, so is he the only animal who has a long period after the decline of his procreativity.

SOME recent writings assume that the ignorant young couples are a thing of the remote, Victorian past; that nowadays all honeymooners are thoroughly familiar with the best sex-manuals and know enough from talk with friends and personal experimentation to take all the anxiety and hazards out of the situation.   
Perhaps- but extensive discussions with contemporary practitioners, family doctors and gynecologists indicate that this is still an area of enormous ignorance. Joking and talking may be freer and easier, but the important factual information is still lacking for far too many newly-married men and women.   
Various factors in the setting can still be of great advantage in making the first intercourse a good rather than a bad memory for one or both. Privacy must be highly assured both in time and place. That is, locking the room or stateroom door gives privacy of location, but it is equally important to be sure there is time enough for an utterly unhurried fulfillment.   
If the wedding party lasted late, and the travel schedule means there are only a few hours before resuming the trip or making an early start, the husband may forestall tensions and uncertainties by confiding to his bride that lying in each other's arms will be bliss enough for these few hours. The consummation should come at the next stopping place when they have a long private time (day or night) for that purpose. ##

First intercourse for the bride brings with it the various problems connected with virginity and the hymen.   
<One thing should be clear to both husband and wife- neither pain nor profuse bleeding has to occur when the hymen is ruptured during the first sex act. Ignorance on this point has caused a great deal of needless anxiety, misunderstanding and suspicion>.   
The hymen is, in essence, a fragile membrane that more or less completely covers the entrance to the vagina in most female human beings who have not had sex relations. (Hymen, in fact, is the Greek word for membrane.)   Often it is thin and fragile and gives way readily to the male organ at the first attempt at intercourse. As might be expected, girls in this situation bleed very little and perhaps not at all in the process of losing their virginity.

It is also important to realize that many girls are born without a hymen or at most only a tiny trace of one; so that <the absence of the hymen is by no means positive proof that a girl has had sex relations>.   
But there is a basis in fact for the exaggerations of the folk-lore beliefs. Some hymens are so strongly developed that they cannot be torn without considerable pain to the girl and marked loss of blood. More rarely, the hymen is so sturdy that it does not yield to penetration.   
Extreme cases are on record in which the doctor has had to use instruments to cut through the hymen to permit marital relations to be consummated. These cases, for all their rarity, are so dramatic that friends and relations repeat the story until the general population may get an entirely false notion of how often the hymen is a serious problem to newly-weds. ##

In recent times, when sexual matters began to be discussed more scientifically and more openly, the emotional aspects of virginity received considerable attention. Obviously, the bridal pair has many adjustments to make to their new situation. Is it necessary to add to the other tensions the hazard of making the loving husband the one who brought pain to his bride?

<Gynecologists and marriage manuals began to advise that the bride should consult a physician before marriage. If he foresaw any problem because of the quality of the hymen, it was recommended that simple procedures be undertaken at once to incise the hymen or, preferably, to dilate it>.   
As a natural outgrowth of this approach it was often suggested that the doctor should complete the preparation for painless intercourse by dilating the vagina.   
This recommendation was based on the fact that the hymen was not the only barrier to smooth consummation of the sex act. The vagina is an organ capable of remarkable contraction and dilation. This is obvious when it is remembered that, during childbirth, the vagina must dilate enough to permit the passage of the baby.   
The intricate system of muscles that manage the contraction and dilatation of the vagina are partly under voluntary control. But an instinctive reflex may work against the conscious intention of the woman. That is, when first penetration takes place, the pressure and pain signals may <involuntarily> cause all the vaginal muscles to contract in an effort to bar the intrusion and prevent further pain. ##

The advantages of dilatation by the physician are both physical and psychological. Since it is a purely professional situation, none of the pain is associated with love-making or the beloved. By using instruments of gradually increasing size, the vagina is gently, and with minimum pain at each stage, taught to yield to an object of the appropriate shape.   
In this process the vaginal muscles come under better conscious control by the girl. She learns how to relax them to <accept>- instead of contracting them to <repel> the entering object.   
Apart from the standard problem of controlling the vaginal muscles, other serious barriers may exist that need special gynecological treatment. It is far better to have such conditions treated in advance than to have them show up on the honeymoon where they can create a really serious situation.   
When no medical problems exist, the newly married couple generally prefer to cope with the adjustments of their new relationship by themselves. Special information and guidance about the possible difficulties are still of great value. Folk-lore, superstition and remembered passages from erotic literature can create physical and emotional problems if blindly taken as scientific facts and useful hints. ##

<The importance of loving tenderness is obvious. The long, unhurried approach and the deliberate prolongation of fore-play work on several levels. Under the excitement of caresses and sexual stimulation the vagina relaxes and dilates and the local moisture greatly increases, providing an excellent lubricant to help achieve an easier penetration>.   
Extensive observations by physicians during vaginal examinations have established the fact that a single finger inserted along the anterior wall (the top line of the vagina as the woman lies on her back) may cause a great deal of distress in a virgin. <But> during the same examination, <two> fingers may be inserted along the posterior wall (the bottom of the vagina in the same position) without any pain; and in fact without any difficulty <if the pressure is kept downward at all times>.   
These regional differences of sensitivity to pain may be of crucial significance during the earliest intercourse. The husband and wife should start with this anatomical information clearly in mind. They may then adjust their positions and movements to avoid too much pressure on the urethra and the anterior wall of the vagina; at least until repeated intercourse has dilated it and pain is no longer a possible threat against the full pleasure of love-making.   
In fact, the technical procedure in medical examinations may be wisely adapted to his romantic purposes by the husband during the honeymoon.

Locker-room talk often stresses the idea that a man is doing the girl a favor if he is forceful and ruthless during the first penetration. The false reasoning is that a gradual advance prolongs the pain while a swift powerful act gets it over with and leaves the girl pleased with his virility and grateful for his decisiveness in settling the problem once and for all.   
<Such talk is seriously in error. Ruthlessness at this time can be a very severe shock to the bride, both physically and psychologically. The insistent, forceful penetration may tear and inflame the vaginal walls as well as do excessive damage to the hymen>.   
<The pain and distress associated with the performance may easily give the wife a deep-seated dread of marital relations and cause her, unconsciously, to make the sex act unpleasant and difficult for both by exercising her vaginal muscles to complicate his penetration instead of relaxing them to facilitate it>. ##

Serious attention must also be given to the husband's problems in the honeymoon situation. The necessity for keeping alert to his bride's hazards can act as an interference with the man's spontaneous desire. The emotional stimulation may be so great that he may experience a premature climax. This is a very common experience and should in no way discourage or dishearten either husband or wife.   
Or the frequent need to check and discipline himself to the wisest pace of the consummation can put him off stride and make it impossible for him to be continuously ready for penetration over a long period. The signals to proceed may therefore come when he is momentarily not able to take advantage of them.   
The best course is to recover his physical excitement by a change of pace that makes him ardent again. This may require imagination and reminding himself that now he can be demanding and self-centered. He can take security from the fact that the progress he has made by his gentle approach will not be lost. Now while he uses talk, caresses or requires caresses from her, his bride will sympathetically understand the situation and eagerly help him restore his physical situation so they can have the consummation they both so eagerly desire.   
A final word. The accumulated information on this point shows that first intercourse, even when it is achieved with minimum pain or difficulty, is seldom an overwhelming sexual experience to a woman. Too many new things are happening for it to be a complete erotic fulfillment.   
Only under rare circumstances would a bride experience an orgasm during her first intercourse. Both man and wife should be aware of the fact that a lack of climax, and even the absence of the anticipated keen pleasure are not a sign that the wife may be cold or frigid.   
If the early approaches are wise, understanding and patient, the satisfactions of marital fulfillment will probably be discovered before the marriage is much older.

WRITING in a large volume on the nude in painting and sculptures, titled <The Nude: A Study in Ideal Form,> Kenneth Clark declares: "**h The human body, as a nucleus, is rich in associations. **h It is ourselves and arouses memories of all the things we wish to do with ourselves".   
Perhaps this is a clue to the amazing variety and power of reactions, attitudes, and emotions precipitated by the nude form.   
The wide divergence of reactions is clearly illustrated in the Kinsey studies in human sexuality. Differences were related to social, economic, and educational backgrounds. Whereas persons of eighth grade education or less were more apt to avoid or be shocked by nudity, those educated beyond the eighth grade increasingly welcomed and approved nudity in sexual relations.

Such understanding helps to explain why one matron celebrating thirty-five years of married life could declare with some pride that her husband had "never seen her entirely naked", while another woman, boasting an equal number of years of married life, is proud of having "shared the nudist way of life- the really free, natural nude life- for most of that period".   
Attempts at censorship always involve and reveal such complex and multiple individual reactions. The indignant crusader sees the nude or semi-nude human form as "lewd and pornographic, a threat and danger" to all the young, or good, or religious, or moral persons.   
The equally ardent proponent of freedom from any kind of censorship may find the nude human form the "natural, honest, free expression of man's spirit and the epitome of beauty and inspiration".   
One is always a little surprised to bump into such individual distinctions when it is unexpected. I still recall the mild shock I experienced in reading material of an enthusiastic advocate of the "clean, healthful, free way of natural life in nudism", who seemed to brave much misunderstanding and persecution in fine spirit.

@ IN TRADITION and in poetry, the marriage bed is a place of unity and harmony. The partners each bring to it unselfish love, and each takes away an equal share of pleasure and joy.   
At its most ecstatic moments, husband and wife are elevated far above worldly cares. Everything else is closed away.   
This is the ideal. But marriage experts say that such mutual contribution and mutual joy are seldom achieved. Instead one partner or the other dominates the sexual relationship. In the past, it has been the husband who has been dominant and the wife passive. But today there are signs that these roles are being reversed.   
In a growing number of American homes, marriage counselors report, the wife is taking a commanding role in sexual relationships. It is she who decides the time, the place, the surroundings, and the frequency of the sexual act. It is she who says aye or nay to the intimate questions of sexual technique and mechanics- not the husband. The whole act is tailored to <her> pleasure, and not to <theirs>.   
Beyond a certain point, of course, no woman can be dominant- nature has seen to that. But there is little doubt that in many marriages the wife is boss of the marital bed.

Of course, there remain many "old-fashioned" marriages in which the husband maintains his supremacy. Yet even in these marriages, psychologists say, wives are asserting themselves more strongly. The meekest, most submissive wife of today is a tiger by her mother's or grandmother's standards.   
To many experts, this trend was inevitable. They consider it simply a sign of our times. Our society has "emancipated" the woman, giving her new independence and new authority. It is only natural that she assert herself in the sexual role.   
"The sexual relationship does not exist in a vacuum", declares Dr& Mary Steichen Calderone, medical director of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America and author of the recent book, <Release From Sexual Tensions>. "It reflects what is going on in other areas of the marriage and in society itself. A world in which wives have taken a more active role is likely to produce sexual relationships in which wives are more self-assertive, too".

Yet many psychologists and marriage counselors agree that domination of the sex relationship by one partner or the other can be unhealthy and even dangerous. It can, in fact, wreck a marriage.   
When a husband is sexually selfish and heedless of his wife's desires, she is cheated of the fulfillment and pleasure nature intended for her. And she begins to regard him as savage, bestial and unworthy. On the other hand, wifely supremacy demeans the husband, saps his self-respect, and robs him of his masculinity. He is a target of ridicule to his wife, and often- since private affairs rarely remain private- to the outside world as well.   
"A marriage can survive almost any kind of stress except an open and direct challenge to the husband's maleness", declares Dr& Calderone. This opinion is supported by one of the nation's leading psychiatrists, Dr& Maurice E& Linden, director of the Mental Health Division of the Philadelphia Department of Public Health.   
"When the roles of husband and wife are reversed, so that the wife becomes leader and the husband follower", Dr& Linden says, "the effects on their whole relationship, sexual and otherwise, can be disastrous". ##

IN ONE EXTREME case, cited by a Pittsburgh psychologist, an office worker's wife refused to have sexual relations with her husband unless he bought her the luxuries she demanded. To win her favors, her husband first took an additional job, then desperately began to embezzle from his employer. Caught at last, he was sentenced to prison. While he was in custody his wife divorced him.   
More typical is the case of a suburban Long Island housewife described by a marriage counselor. This woman repeatedly complained she was "too tired" for marital relations. To please her, her husband assumed some of the domestic chores. Finally, he was cooking, washing dishes, bathing the children, and even ironing- and still his wife refused to have relations as often as he desired them.   
One wife, described by a New York psychologist, so dominated her husband that she actually placed their sexual relationship on a schedule, writing it down right between the weekly ~PTA meetings and the Thursday-night neighborhood card parties. Another put sex on a dollars-and-cents basis. After every money argument, she rebuffed her husband's overtures until the matter was settled in her favor.   
Experts say the partners in marriages like these can almost be typed.   
The wife is likely to be young, sophisticated, smart as a whip- often a girl who has sacrificed a promising career for marriage. She knows the power of the sex urge and how to use it to manipulate her husband.   
The husband is usually a well-educated professional, preoccupied with his job- often an organization man whose motto for getting ahead is: "Don't rock the boat".   
Sometimes this leads to his becoming demandingly dominant in marriage. Hemmed in on the job and unable to assert himself, he uses the sex act so he can be supreme in at least one area.   
More often, though, he is so accustomed to submitting to authority on the job without argument that he lives by the same rule at home.   
Some psychologists, in fact, suggest that career-bound husbands often are more to blame for topsy-turvy marriages than their wives. The wife's attempt at control, these psychologists contend, is sometimes merely a pathetic effort to compel her husband to pay as much attention to her as he does to his job.   
Naturally no woman can ever completely monopolize the sexual initiative. Unless her husband also desires sex, the act cannot be consummated. Generally, however, in such marriages as those cited, the husband is at his wife's mercy.   
"The pattern", says Dr& Morton Schillinger, psychologist at New York's Lincoln Institute for Psychotherapy, "is for the husband to hover about anxiously and eagerly, virtually trembling in his hope that she will flash him the signal that tonight is the night".   
No one seriously contends, of course, that the domineering wife is, sexually speaking, a new character in our world. After all, the henpecked husband with his shrewish wife is a comic figure of long standing, in literature and on the stage, as Dr& Schillinger points out. There is no evidence that these Milquetoasts became suddenly emboldened when they crossed the threshhold of the master bedroom. ##

FURTHERMORE, Dr& Calderone says, a certain number of docile, retiring men always have been around. They aren't "frigid" and they aren't homosexual; they're just restrained in all of life. They <like> to be dominated. One such man once confided to Dr& Theodor Reik, New York psychiatrist, that he preferred to have his wife the sexual aggressor. Asked why, he replied primly: "Because that's no activity for a gentleman".

But such cases were, in the past, unusual. Society here and abroad has been built around the dominating male- even the Bible appears to endorse the concept.   
Family survival on our own Western frontier, for example, could quite literally depend on a man's strength and ability to bring home the bacon; and the dependent wife seldom questioned his judgment about anything, including the marriage bed.

This carried over into the more urbanized late 19th and early 20th centuries, when the man ruled the roost in the best bull-roaring <Life With Father> manner.   
In those days, a wife had mighty few rights in the domestic sphere and even fewer in the sexual sphere. "Grandma wasn't expected to like it", Dr& Marion Hilliard, the late Toronto gynecologist, once summed up the attitude of the '90s. Wives of the period shamefacedly thought of themselves as "used" by their husbands- and, history indicates, they often quite literally were.   
When was the turning point? When did women begin to assert themselves sexually? ##

SOME DATE IT from woman suffrage, others from when women first began to challenge men in the marketplace, still others from the era of the emancipated flapper and bathtub gin. Virtually everyone agrees, however, that the trend toward female sexual aggressiveness was tremendously accelerated with the postwar rush to the suburbs.   
Left alone while her husband was miles away in the city, the modern wife assumed more and more duties normally reserved for the male. Circumstances gave her almost undisputed sway over child-rearing, money-handling and home maintenance. She found she could cope with all kinds of problems for which she was once considered too helpless. She liked this taste of authority and independence, and, with darkness, was not likely to give it up.

"Very few wives", says Dr& Calderone, "who balance the checkbook, fix the car, choose where the family will live and deal with the tradesmen, are suddenly going to become submissive where sex is concerned. A woman who dominates other family affairs will dominate the sexual relationship as well".   
And an additional factor was helping to make women more sexually self-assertive- the comparatively recent discovery of the true depths of female desire and response. Marriage manuals and women's magazine articles began to stress the importance of the female climax. They began to describe in detail the woman's capacity for response.   
In fact, the noted psychologist and sex researcher, Dr& Albert Ellis, has declared flatly that women are "sexually superior" to men. According to Dr& Ellis, the average 20-year-old American woman is capable of far greater sexual arousal than her partner. Not surprisingly, Dr& Ellis says, some recently enlightened wives are out to claim these capabilities.

Yet, paradoxically, according to Dr& Maurice Linden, many wives despise their husbands for not standing up to them. An aggressive woman wants a man to demand, not knuckle under. "When the husband becomes passive in the face of his wife's aggressiveness", Dr& Linden says, "the wife, in turn, finds him inadequate. Often she fails to gain sexual satisfaction".   
One such wife, Dr& Linden says, became disgusted with her weak husband and flurried through a series of extramarital affairs in the hope of finding a stronger man. But her personality was such that each affair lasted only until that lover, too, had been conquered and reduced to passivity. Then the wife bed-hopped to the next on the list.   
In some cases, however, domination of the sex act by one partner can be temporary, triggered by a passing but urgent emotional need. Thus a man who is butting a stone wall at the office may become unusually aggressive in bed- the one place he can still be champion. If his on-the-job problems work out, he may return to his old pattern. Sometimes a burst of aggressiveness will sweep over a man- or his wife- because he or she feels age creeping up.   
On the other hand, a husband who always has been vigorous and assertive may suddenly become passive- asking, psychologists say, for reassurance that his wife still finds him desirable. Or a wife may make sudden demands that she be courted, flattered or coaxed, simply because she needs her ego lifted.   
In any case, Dr& Calderone remarks, such problems are a couple's own affair, and can't always be measured by a general yardstick. "As long as the couple is in agreement in their approach to sex, it makes little difference if one or the other dominates", Dr& Calderone declares. "The important point is that both be satisfied with the adjustment".

Other experts say, however, that if sexual domination by one or the other partner exists for longer than a brief period, it is likely to shake the marriage. And just as domination today often begins with the wife, so the cure generally must lie with the husband.

"To get a marriage back where it belongs", comments Dr& Schillinger of the Lincoln Institute, "the husband must take some very basic steps. He must begin, paradoxically, by becoming more selfish. He must become more expressive of his own desires, more demanding and less 'understanding'".   
Too many husbands, Dr& Schillinger continues, worry about "how well they're doing", and fear that their success depends on some trick or technique of sexual play. ##

SHE GAVE HERSELF a title **h Lady Diana Harrington.

The New York D&A& gave her another **h the Golden Girl of cafe society.   
Houston police gave her a third, less flamboyant, title **h prostitute.   
And Houston police have the final say in the matter since she died there on September 20, 1960, "Diane Harris Graham, 30, D&O&A& circumstances- unusual".

Early in her life she had discovered that where there were men, there was money, and with the two came luxury and liquor. She was still in the play for pay business when she died, a top trollop who had given the world's oldest profession one of its rare flashes of glamour.

She never hid the fact that she liked to play. Her neighbors in the expensive Houston apartment building told reporters that the ash-blonde beauty had talked at times about her past as "the Golden Girl of the Mickey Jelke trial".   
It was the trial of oleomargarine heir Minot (Mickey) Jelke for compulsory prostitution in New York that put the spotlight on the international play-girl. (Jelke later served 21 months when he was found guilty of masterminding a ring of high-priced call girls.)   Diane was needed as a material witness in the case and New York police searched three continents before they found her in their own back yard- in a swank hotel, of course. She had been moving in cafe society as Lady Diana Harrington, a name that made some of the gossip columns.   
It was when she was seized as a material witness that she got the designation she liked best.   
Clad in mink and diamonds, she listened to Assistant District Attorney Anthony Liebler describe her to the arraigning judge:   "This girl is the Golden Girl of cafe society.

"In 1951 she was a prostitute in New York County. In the spring and early summer of that year she met a wealthy foreign tycoon who took her to France, where she later met a very wealthy man and toured all Europe with him.   
"At Deauville she met an Egyptian by the name of Pulley Bey. He was the official procurer for King Farouk, now in exile. She was in Egypt during the revolution and had passport difficulty. She lied in order to get it.   
"We have checked her in different parts of Europe and Egypt and finally back into this country **h She has been acting as a prostitute.

"Our information is that she gave the proceeds of her acts to Jelke".   
Diane sobbingly denied this to the court. "That's a lie. I never gave that boy a cent. I am not a prostitute, and I had only one very wealthy boy friend", she said. During the course of the trial, Jelke backed up part of that statement.

"Diane is the type of girl", Jelke said, "who wouldn't get loving- even on her wedding night- unless you piled up all your money in the middle of the floor".   
But she seemed to have underestimated the number of her "boy friends".   
She came to New York from Detroit as a teenager, but with a "sponsor" instead of a chaperone. As she told it, "He's a rich boy friend, an old guy about 60". She was Mary Lou Brew then, wide-eyed, but not naive. She had talked her "boy friend" into sending her to New York to take a screen test.

The screen test was never made- but Diane was. She quickly moved into cafe society, possibly easing her conscience by talking constantly of her desire to be in show business.   
She seemed so anxious to go on the stage that some of her friends in the cocktail circuit set up a practical joke.   
An ex-fighter was introduced to her in a bar as "Mr& Warfield, the famous producer". The phony producer asked her if she would like to be in one of his shows.

"I'd love to audition for you", she gushed.   
The audition was held a few minutes later in somebody's apartment. She thought she had great possibilities in the ballet and wanted to show the eminent producer how well she could dance.   
After a few minutes he said, "I can't use you if you dance like that. I'd like to see you dance nude".   
She hastily complied. Diane loved to dance in the nude, something she was to demonstrate time and again.

She developed another quaint habit. Even among the fast set in which she was moving, her method for keeping an escort from departing too early was unique.   
When the date would try to bid her good-night at the door, she would tell him, "If you go home now, I'll scream". More often than not he would bow to the inevitable.

One who needed no such threats was a French financier. One of the blonde's yearnings that he satisfied was for travel. She wanted to go around the world, but she settled for a French holiday.

In an anonymous interview with a French newspaper the financier told of spending several months with her. "Then she went to Deauville where she met a member of a powerful Greek syndicate of gamblers".

The Greek evidently fell for her, "Monsieur ~X" recounted, and to clinch what he thought was an affair in the making he gave her 100,000 francs (about $300) and led her to the roulette tables.

She could do no wrong at the tables that time. And in short order the croupier had pushed several million francs her way. Smarter than most gamblers, she slipped away from the casino, packed her bag and took the night train to Paris. No one ever learned what happened to the Greek.   
The luxury of Paris' most fashionable hotel, the George /5,, bored the beautifully-built blonde, so she high-tailed it to Rome.   
She teamed up with another beauty, whose name has been lost to history, and commenced with some fiddling that would have made Nero envious.   
To climax her Roman revels, she was thrown out of the swanky Hotel Excelsior after she had run naked through its marble halls screaming for help.   
It was a rugged finish for what must have been a very interesting night.   
Discreet Italian police described it in a manner typically continental.

"There had been a threesome at the party in the suite's bedroom: Miss Harrington (this was Diane's choice for a Roman name), another woman who has figured in other very interesting events and one of your well-known American actors.   
"The actor had had much to drink and apparently became very violent. The hotel staff, as well as residents of the Excelsior, told us they saw that both ladies were bleeding from scratches as they were seen fleeing down the hall.

"They were wearing nothing but their scratches. They were asked to leave the hotel. No charges were filed".   
The girls, after dressing, were indignant.   
"You can't do this to us", Diane screamed. "We are Americans".   
In the morning she found rooms directly across from the Excelsior at the equally luxurious Hotel Ambassador.   
With the Ambassador as headquarters, she continued to promote good will abroad. Of course, her benevolence was limited to those who could afford it, but then there is a limit to what one person can do.   
By this time Diane was a beguiling lass of 19 and still seeking her place in the world. She thought royal status might come her way when, while she was still in Rome, she met Pulley Bey, a personal procurer to King Farouk of Egypt.

A close friend of hers in the Roman days described it this way:   "It was a strange relationship. Pulley Bey spoke no English. Diane spoke no Italian or French. She had a hard time making him understand that it was Farouk she wished to meet.   
"Pulley Bey insisted that she bestow her favors on him", the friend continued. It seemed as though she were always auditioning. No believer in the traditional devotion of royal servitors, the plump Pulley broke the language barrier and lured her to Cairo where she waited for nine months, vainly hoping to see Farouk.   
Pulley had set her up at the Semiramis Hotel, but she grew impatient waiting for a royal reception and moved to a luxurious apartment to which the royal pimp had no key.   
She picked her own Middle-Eastern friends from the flock of ardent Egyptians that buzzed around her. Tewfik Badrawi, Mohammed Gaafer and numerous other wealthy members of Cairo society enjoyed her company.   
"So extensive became her circle of admirers", Egyptian police said, "that her escapades caused distrust".   
The roof was about ready to fall in on Diane's little world, but it took nothing less than the Egyptian revolution to bring it down. When Farouk was overthrown, police picked up his personal pimp, Pulley Bey. They also called upon Diane with a request for a look at her passport.   
The cagey Pulley Bey, who spoke no English, had taken the passport so that Diane couldn't leave the country without his approval. Officials provided a temporary passport, good only for return to the United States.   
And return to the United States she did, into waiting arms- the unromantic ones of the New York District Attorney's office.   
Held as a material witness in the compulsory prostitution trial of Mickey Jelke, the comely courtesan was unable to raise bail and was committed to the Women's House of Detention, a terribly overcrowded prison.

It is a tribute to her talents that she was able to talk the District Attorney into having her removed from the prison to a hotel room, with her meals taken at Vesuvio's, an excellent Italian restaurant.   
Newspapers at the time noted that the move indicated that she was co-operating with the District Attorney.   
With the end of the trial Diane disappeared from New York **h it was no longer fashionable to be seen with fabulous "Lady Harrington".

Several years ago she married a Houston business man, Robert Graham. She later divorced Graham, who is believed to have moved to Bolivia.   
Houston police got to know Diane two years ago when the vice squad picked her up for questioning about a call girl ring. Last May, they said, she admitted being a prostitute.   
The next time the police saw her she was dead.   
It was September 20, 1960, in a lavishly decorated apartment littered with liquor bottles. She had had a party with a regular visitor, Dr& William W& McClellan.   
McClellan, who had once lost his medical license temporarily on a charge of drug addiction, was with her when she died. He had been in the apartment two days and was hazy about what had happened during that time. When he realized she was dead, he called two lawyers and then the police.   
When the police arrived, they found McClellan and the two lawyers sitting and staring silently.

The blonde's nude body was in bed, a green sheet and a pink blanket covered her. Pictures of her in more glamorous days were on the walls.   
An autopsy disclosed a large amount of morphine in Diane's body. Police theorize that a combination of dope, drink and drugs killed her.   
"I think that maybe she wanted it this way", a vice squad cop said. "A maid told us that she still bragged about getting $50 a date. She was on the junk, and they slide fast when that happens. At least she never knew what the bottom was like". I AM a carpet salesman.   
I work for one of the biggest chains of retail carpet houses in the East. We cater mostly to nice people in the $5-8,000 annual income bracket and we run a string of snazzy, neon-lit, chromium-plated suburban stores.   
I am selling the stuff of which is made one of the Great American Dreams- <wall-to-wall carpeting>.   
There is only one trouble with this big, beautiful dream. From where I sit it looks more like a nightmare.

THE FACT THAT AMERICAN NEgroes rioted in the U&N& while Adlai Stevenson was addressing the Assembly shocked and baffled most white Americans. Stevenson's speech, and the spectacular disturbance in the gallery, were both touched off by the death, in Katanga, the day before, of Patrice Lumumba. Stevenson stated, in the course of his address, that the United States was "against" colonialism. God knows what the African nations, who hold 25 per cent of the voting stock in the U&N& were thinking- they may, for example, have been thinking of the U&S& abstention when the vote on Algerian freedom was before the Assembly- but I think I have a fairly accurate notion of what the Negroes in the gallery were thinking. I had intended to be there myself. It was my first reaction upon hearing of Lumumba's death. I was curious about the impact of this political assassination on Negroes in Harlem, for Lumumba had- has- captured the popular imagination there. I was curious to know if Lumumba's death, which is surely among the most sinister of recent events, would elicit from "our" side anything more than the usual, well-meaning rhetoric. And I was curious about the African reaction.

However, the chaos on my desk prevented my being in the U&N& gallery. Had I been there, I, too, in the eyes of most Americans, would have been merely a pawn in the hands of the Communists. The climate and the events of the last decade, and the steady pressure of the "cold" war, have given Americans yet another means of avoiding self-examination, and so it has been decided that the riots were "Communist" inspired. Nor was it long, naturally, before prominent Negroes rushed forward to assure the republic that the U&N& rioters do not represent the real feeling of the Negro community. According, then, to what I take to be the prevailing view, these rioters were merely a handful of irresponsible, Stalinist-corrupted <provocateurs>.

I find this view amazing. It is a view which even a minimal effort at observation would immediately contradict. One has only, for example, to walk through Harlem and ask oneself two questions. The first question is: Would <I> like to live here? And the second question is: Why don't those who now live here move out? The answer to both questions is immediately obvious. Unless one takes refuge in the theory- however disguised- that Negroes are, somehow, different from white people, I do not see how one can escape the conclusion that the Negro's status in this country is not only a cruel injustice but a grave national liability.   
Now, I do not doubt that, among the people at the U&N& that day, there were Stalinist and professional revolutionists acting out of the most cynical motives. Wherever there is great social discontent, these people are, sooner or later, to be found. Their presence is not as frightening as the discontent which creates their opportunity. What I find appalling- and really dangerous- is the American assumption that the Negro is so contented with his lot here that only the cynical agents of a foreign power can rouse him to protest. It is a notion which contains a gratuitous insult, implying, as it does, that Negroes can make no move unless they are manipulated. Color was delayed until 1935, the wide screen until the early fifties.

Movement itself was the chief and often the only attraction of the primitive movies of the nineties. Each film consisted of fifty feet, which gives a running time of about one minute on the screen. As long as audiences came to see the movement, there seemed little reason to adventure further. Motion-picture exhibitions took place in stores in a general atmosphere like that of the penny arcade which can still be found in such urban areas as Times Square. Brief snips of actual events were shown: parades, dances, street scenes. The sensational and frightening enjoyed popularity: a train rushes straight at the audience, or a great wave threatens to break over the seats. An early Edison production was <The Execution of Mary, Queen of Scots>. The unfortunate queen mounted the scaffold; the headsman swung his axe; the head dropped off; end of film. An early film by a competitor of the Wizard of Menlo Park simply showed a long kiss performed by two actors of the contemporary stage.   
In the field of entertainment there is no spur to financial daring so effective as audience boredom, and the first decade of the new device was not over before audiences began staying away in large numbers from the simple-minded, one-minute shows. In response, the industry allowed the discovery of the motion picture as a form of fiction and thus gave the movies the essential form they have had to this day. Despite the sheer beauty and spectacle of numerous documentaries, art films, and travelogues, despite the impressive financial success of such a recent development as Cinerama, the movies are at heart a form of fiction, like the play, the novel, or the short story. Moreover, the most artistically successful of the nonfiction films have invariably borrowed the narrative form from the fiction feature. Thus such great American documentaries as <The River> and <The Plow That Broke the Plains> were composed as visual stories rather than as illustrated lectures. The discovery that movies are a form of fiction was made in the early years of this century and it was made chiefly by two men, a French magician, Georges Melies, and an American employee of Edison, Edwin S& Porter. Of the two, Porter is justly the better known, for he went far beyond the vital finding of fiction for films to take the first step toward fashioning a language of film, toward making the motion picture the intricate, efficient time machine that it has remained since, even in the most inept hands.

#NARRATIVE TIME AND FILM TIME#

Melies, however, out of his professional instincts as a magician, discovered and made use of a number of illusionary techniques that remain part of the vocabulary of film. One of these is the "dissolve", which makes possible a visually smooth transition from scene to scene. As the first scene begins to fade, the succeeding scene begins to appear. For a moment or two, both scenes are present simultaneously, one growing weaker, one growing stronger. In a series of fairy tales and fantasies, Melies demonstrated that the film is superbly equipped to tell a straightforward story, with beginning, middle and end, complications, resolutions, climaxes, and conclusions. Immediately, the film improved and it improved because in narrative it found a content based on time to complement its own unbreakable connection with time. Physically, a movie is possible because a series of images is projected one at a time at such a speed that the eye "remembers" the one that has gone before even as it registers the one now appearing. Linking the smoothly changing images together, the eye itself endows them with the illusion of movement. The "projection" time of painting and sculpture is highly subjective, varying from person to person and even varying for a given person on different occasions. So is the time of the novel. The drama in the theater and the concert in the hall both have a fixed time, but the time is fixed by the director and the players, the conductor and the instrumentalists, subject, therefore, to much variation, as record collectors well know. The time of the motion picture is fixed absolutely. The film consists of a series of still, transparent photographs, or "frames", 35-mm&-wide. Each frame comes between the light and the lens and is individually projected on the screen, at the rate, for silent movies, of 16 frames per second, and, for sound films, 24 frames per second. This is the rate of projection; it is also the rate of photographing. Time is built into the motion picture, which cannot exist without time. Now time is also the concern of the fictional narrative, which is, at its simplest, the story of an action with, usually, a beginning, a middle, and an end- elements which demand time as the first condition for their existence. The "moving" picture of the train or the wave coming at the audience is, to be sure, more intense than a still picture of the same subject, but the difference is really one of degree; the cinematic element of time is merely used to increase the realism of an object which would still be reasonably realistic in a still photo. In narrative, time is essential, as it is in film. Almost everything about the movies that is peculiarly <of> the movies derives from a tension created and maintained between narrative time and film time. This discovery of Melies was vastly more important than his sometimes dazzling, magician's tricks produced on film.   
It was Porter, however, who produced the very first movie whose name has lived on through the half century of film history that has since ensued. The movie was <The Great Train Robbery> and its effects on the young industry and art were all but incalculable. Overnight, for one thing, Porter's film multiplied the standard running time of movies by ten. <The Great Train Robbery> is a one-reel film. One reel- from eight to twelve minutes- became the standard length from the year of <Robbery>, 1903, until Griffith shattered that limit forever with <Birth of a Nation> in 1915. The reel itself became and still is the standard of measure for the movies.   
The material of the Porter film is simplicity itself; much of it has continued to be used over the years and the heart of it- good guys and bad guys in the old West- pretty well dominated television toward the end of the 1950's. A band of robbers enters a railroad station, overpowers and ties up the telegraph operator, holds up the train and escapes. A posse is formed and pursues the robbers, who, having made their escape, are whooping it up with some wild, wild women in a honky-tonk hide-out. The robbers run from the hide-out, take cover in a wooded declivity, and are shot dead by the posse. As a finale is appended a close-up of one of the band taking aim and firing his revolver straight at the audience.

All this is simple enough, but in telling the story Porter did two important things that had not been done before. Each scene is shot straight through, as had been the universal custom, from a camera fixed in a single position, but in the outdoor scenes, especially in the capture and destruction of the outlaws, Porter's camera position breaks, necessarily, with the camera position standard until then, which had been, roughly, that of a spectator in a center orchestra seat at a play. The plane of the action in the scene is not parallel with the plane of the film in the camera or on the screen. If the change, at first sight, seems minor, we may recall that it took the Italian painters about two hundred years to make an analogous change, and the Italian painters, by universal consent, were the most brilliant group of geniuses any art has seen. In that apparently simple shift Porter opened the way to the sensitive use of the camera as an instrument of art as well as a mechanical recording device.   
He did more than that. He revealed the potential value of the "cut" as the basic technique in the art of the film. Cutting, of course, takes place automatically in the creation of a film. The meaning of the word is quite physical, to begin with. The physical film is cut with a knife at the end of one complete sequence, and the cut edge is joined physically, by cement, to the cut edge of the beginning of the next sequence. If, as a home movie maker, you shoot the inevitable footage of your child taking its first steps, you have merely recorded an historical event. If, in preparing that shot for the inevitable showing to your friends, you interrupt the sequence to paste in a few frames of the child's grandmother watching this event, you have begun to be an artist in film; you are employing the basic technique of film; you are cutting.

This is what Porter did. As the robbers leave the looted train, the film suddenly cuts back to the station, where the telegrapher's little daughter arrives with her father's dinner pail only to find him bound on the floor. She dashes around in alarm. The two events are taking place at the same time. Time and space have both become cinematic. We leap from event to event- including the formation of the posse- even though the events, in "reality" are taking place not in sequence but simultaneously, and not near each other but at a considerable distance.   
The "chase" as a standard film device probably dates from <The Great Train Robbery>, and there is a reason for the continued popularity of the device. The chase in itself is a narrative; it presumes both speed and urgency and it demands cutting- both from pursued to pursuer and from stage to stage of the journey of both. The simple, naked idea of one man chasing another is of its nature better fitted for the film than it is for any other form of fiction. The cowboy films, the cops and robbers films, and the slapstick comedy films culminating in an insane chase are not only catering to what critics may assume to be a vulgar taste for violence; these films and these sequences are also seeking out- instinctively or by design- the peculiarly cinematic elements of narrative.

#THE CREATOR OF THE ART OF THE FILM: D&W&GRIFFITH#

There still remained the need for one great film artist to explore the full potential of the new form and to make it an art. The man was D&W& Griffith. When he came to the movies- more or less by accident- they were still cheap entertainment capable of enthralling the unthinking for an idle few minutes. In about seven years Griffith either invented or first realized the possibilities of virtually every resource at the disposal of the film maker. Before he was forty Griffith had created the art of the film.   
Not that there had not been attempts, mostly European, to do exactly that. But in general the European efforts to make an art of the entertainment had ignored the slowly emerging language of the film itself. Staggeringly condensed versions of famous novels and famous plays were presented. Great actors and actresses- the most notable being Sarah Bernhardt- were hired to repeat their stage performances before the camera. In all of this extensive and expensive effort, the camera was downgraded to the status of recording instrument for art work produced elsewhere by the actor or by the author. The phonograph today, for all its high fidelity and stereophonic sound, is precisely what the early art purveyors in the movies wished to make of the camera. Not surprisingly, this approach did not work. The effort produced a valuable record of stage techniques in the early years of the century and some interesting records of great theater figures who would otherwise be only names. But no art at all was born of the art effort in the early movies. In general, religious interest seems to exist in all parts of the metropolis; congregational membership, however, is another thing. A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership; that is, when it can preserve economic integration. Religious faith can be considered a <necessary> condition of membership in a congregation, since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force, but faith is not a <sufficient> condition for joining; the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the <sufficient> condition.   
The breakdown of social homogeneity in inner city areas and the spread of inner city blight account for the decline of central city churches. Central cities reveal two adverse features for the major denominations: (1) central cities tend to be areas of residence for lower social classes; (2) central cities tend to be more heterogeneous in social composition. The central city areas, in other words, exhibit the two characteristics which violate the life principle of congregations of the major denominations: they have too few middle-class people; they mix middle-class people with lower-class residents. Central city areas have become progressively poorer locales for the major denominations since the exodus of middle-class people from most central cities. With few exceptions, the major denominations are rapidly losing their hold on the central city.   
The key to Protestant development, therefore, is economic integration of the nucleus of the congregation. Members of higher and lower social status often cluster around this nucleus, so that Protestant figures on social class give the impression of spread over all social classes; but this is deceptive, for the core of membership is concentrated in a single social and economic stratum. The congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood; moreover, residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core stratum in order to survive; they can lose higher- and lower-status members from the church without collapsing, but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration. The congregation is first and foremost an economic peer group; it is secondarily a believing and worshiping fellowship. If it were primarily a believing fellowship, it would recruit believers from all social and economic ranks, something which most congregations of the New Protestantism (with a few notable exceptions) have not been able to do. They survive only when they can recruit social and economic peers.

The vulnerability of Protestant congregations to social differences has often been attributed to the "folksy spirit" of Protestant religious life; in fact, a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the "impersonal" Roman Catholic parish. We have seen that the folksy spirit is confined to economic peers; consequently, the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations; actually, there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations, as we shall see in another connection. The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life, where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform, therefore, to the principle of economic integration. This fact is evident in the recruitment of new members.

#MISSION AS CO-OPTATION#

The rule of economic integration in congregational life can be seen in the missionary outreach of the major denominations. There is much talk in theological circles about the "Church as Mission" and the "Church's Mission"; theologians have been stressing the fact that the Church does not exist for its own sake but as a testimony in the world for the healing of the world. A crucial question, therefore, is what evangelism and mission actually mean in metropolitan Protestantism. If economic integration really shapes congregational life, then evangelism should be a process of extending economic integration. The task of a congregation would be defined, according to economic integration, as the work of co-opting individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation. (Co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy; it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization.) In a mobile society, congregational health depends on a constant process of recruitment; this recruitment, however, must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation; therefore, the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation- like elements will have to be assimilated.

Evangelism and congregational outreach have not been carefully studied in the churches; one study in Pittsburgh, however, has illuminated the situation. In a sample of new members of Pittsburgh churches, almost 60 per cent were recruited by initial "contacts with friendly members". If we add to these contacts with friendly members the "contacts with an organization of the church" (11.2 per cent of the cases), then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact. On the surface, this seems a sound approach to Christian mission: members of the congregation show by their friendly attitudes that they care for new people; the new people respond in kind by joining the church.   
Missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods; the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position; association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations. This means that the antennae of the congregation are extended into the community, picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation; the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation; the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation. Churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic integration; once the pool of recruits diminishes, the congregation is helpless- friendly contacts no longer keep it going.   
The transmutation of mission to co-optation is further indicated by the insignificance of educational activities, worship, preaching, and publicity in reaching new members. The proclamation of the churches is almost totally confined to pastoral contacts by the clergy (17.3 per cent of new members) and friendly contacts by members (over two thirds if organizational activities are included). Publicity accounted for 1.1 per cent of the initial contacts with new members. In general, friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches, making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church; economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood. The inner life of congregations will prosper so long as like-minded people of similar social and economic level can fraternize together; the outer life of congregations- the suitability of the environment to their survival- will be propitious so long as the people in the area are of the same social and economic level as the membership. Economic integration ceases when the social and economic statuses in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation. In a rapidly changing society congregations will run into difficulties repeatedly, since such nice balances of economic integration are hard to sustain in the metropolis for more than a single generation. The fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance. The expense of this type of organization in religious life, when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned, raises fundamental questions about the principle of Protestant survival in a mobile society; nonetheless, the prevalence of economic integration in congregations illumines the nature of the Protestant development. It was observed in the introductory chapter that metropolitan life had split into two trends- expanding interdependence on an impersonal basis and growing exclusiveness in local communal groupings. These trends seem to be working at cross-purposes in the metropolis. Residential associations struggle to insulate themselves against intrusions. The motifs of impersonal interdependence and insulation of residential communities have polarized; the schism between central city and suburb, Negro and White, blue collar and white collar can be viewed as symptomatic of this deeper polarization of trends in the metropolis. It now becomes evident that the denominational church is intimately involved with the economy of middle-class culture, for it serves to crystallize the social class identity of middle-class residential groupings. The accelerated pace of metropolitan changes has accentuated the drive to conformity in congregations of the major denominations. This conformity represents a desperate attempt to stabilize a hopelessly unstable environment. More than creatures of metropolitan forces, the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life, crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples, giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples.   
Since American life is committed above all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life, the countervailing forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate, rearguard action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis. Consumer communities have suffered at the hands of the productive interests. Negroes, Puerto Ricans, and rural newcomers are slowly making their way into the cities. Soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs, and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century. The identification of the basic unit of religious organization- the parish or congregation- with a residential area is self-defeating in a modern metropolis, for it simply means the closing of an iron trap on the outreach of the Christian fellowship and the transmutation of mission to co-optation. Mission to the metropolis contradicts survival of the congregation in the residential community, because the middle classes are fighting metropolitan interdependence with residential exclusion.   
This interpretation of the role of residence in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches. It could be argued that any fellowship which centers in residential neighborhoods is doomed to become an expression of the panic for stable identity among the middle classes. It could be argued that only such neighborhoods can sustain religious activity, since worship presupposes some local stabilities. Whatever projection one makes, the striking fact about congregational and parochial life is the extent to which it is a vehicle of the social identity of middle-class people.   
Attention will be given in the next chapter to the style of association in the denominational churches; this style is characteristically an expression of the communal style of the middle classes. The keynotes of this style are activism and emphasis on achievements in gaining self-esteem. These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman, dictating the methods of child rearing, determining the pattern of community participation, setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness, and informing the congregational life of the major denominations. "Fellowship by likeness" and "mission by friendly contact" form the iron cage of denominational religion. Its contents are another matter, for they reveal the kinds of interests pursued by the congregation. What goes on in the cage will occupy our attention under the rubric of the organization church. An understanding of the new role of residential association in an industrial society serves to illuminate the forces which have fashioned the iron cage of conformity which imprisons the churches in their suburban captivity.

The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need. With capital largely squandered, there seemed to them no other course to pursue.   
The directors sold directly to concessionaires, who had to make their profits above the high prices asked by the company. These concessionaires traded where they wished and generally dealt with the Indians through <engages>, who might be <habitants, voyageurs>, or even soldiers. The concessionaires also had to pay a tax of one-tenth on the goods they traded, and all pelts were to be taken to company stores and shipped to France in company ships. The company disposed of the pelts, but with what profit, the records do not show.

In accord with its penurious policy, the company failed to furnish presents to hold the loyalty of the principal Indians. The lavish use of presents had been effective in expanding the Indian trade of New France and Louisiana in the previous century, and the change in liberality aroused resentment in the minds of the red men. Traders from the English colonies were far more generous, and Indian loyalty turned to them. Protests from governors and intendants passed unheeded, and the parsimonious policy of the company probably let loose Indian insurrections that brought ruin to the company.   
In 1721 the King sent three commissioners to Louisiana with full powers to do all that was necessary to protect the colony. They ordered the raising of troops and obtained 75,000 livres with which to build forts. They adopted a program by which Louisiana was divided into five districts. In each of these there was to be a strong military post, and a trading depot to supply the smaller trading houses. For southeastern Louisiana, Mobile was the principal post, and it was to furnish supplies for trade to the north and east, in the region threatened by British traders. Mobile was to be the anchor of a chain of posts extending northward to the sources of the Tennessee River. Fort Toulouse, on the Alabama River, had been erected in 1714 for trade with the Alabamas and Choctaws, but money was available for only one other new post, near the present Nashville, Tennessee, and this was soon abandoned.

West of the Mobile district was the lower Mississippi district, of which New Orleans was headquarters. Dependent upon it were posts on the lower Mississippi and the region westward to the frontiers of New Spain.   
On the middle Mississippi a principal post was to be located near the mouth of the Arkansas. It was hoped that to this post would flow a large quantity of furs from the west, principally down the Arkansas River. On the Ohio or Wabash was to be built another post "at the fork of two great rivers". Other posts would be established up the Ohio and Wabash to protect communication with Canada. On the upper Mississippi the Illinois post was to be established near Kaskaskia, and dependent posts were to be built on the Missouri, "where there are mines in abundance". Each of the five principal posts was to have a director, responsible to a director-general at New Orleans. An elaborate system of accounting and reports was worked out, and the trade was to be managed in the most scientific way. Concessionaires were to be under the supervision of the directors. <Engages> must be loyal to the concessionaires, and must serve until the term provided in the engagement was ended. The <habitants> were to be encouraged to trade and were to dispose of their pelts to the concessionaires.   
Only two principal storehouses were actually established- one at Mobile, the other at New Orleans. New Orleans supplied the goods for the trade on the Mississippi, and west of that river, and on the Ohio and Wabash. Mobile was also supplied by New Orleans with goods for the Mobile district.

The power that Bienville exercised during his first administration cannot be determined. Regulations for the Indian trade were made by the <Conseil superieure de la Louisiane>, and Bienville apparently did not have control of that body. The <Conseil> even treated the serious matter of British aggression as its business and, on its own authority, sent to disaffected savages merchandise "suitable for the peltry trade". It decided, also, that the purely secular efforts of Bienville were insufficient, and sent missionaries to win the savages from the heathen Carolinians.   
During the first administration of Bienville, the peltry trade of the Mobile district was a lucrative source of revenue. The Alabamas brought in annually 15,000 to 20,000 deerskins, and the Choctaws and Chickasaws brought the total up to 50,000 pelts. These deerskins were the raw material for the manufacture of leather, and were the only articles which the tribes of this district had to exchange for European goods. During his first administration, Bienville succeeded in keeping Carolina traders out of the Alabama country and the Choctaw country. The director of the post at Mobile kept an adequate amount of French goods, of a kind to which they were accustomed, to supply the Indian needs. The Alabama and Tombigbee rivers furnished a highway by which goods could be moved quickly and cheaply. De la Laude, commander of the Alabama post, had the friendship of the natives, and was able to make them look upon the British as poor competitors. Diron d'Artaguette, the most prominent trader in the district, was energetic and resourceful, but his methods often aroused the ire of the French governors. He became, after a time, commander of a post on the Alabama River, but his operations extended from Mobile throughout the district, and he finally obtained a monopoly of the Indian trade.   
The Chickasaws were the principal source of trouble in the Mobile district. Their territory lay to the north, near the sources of the Alabama, the Tombigbee, the Tennessee, and Cumberland rivers, and was easily accessible to traders among the near-by Cherokees. In 1720 some Chickasaws massacred the French traders among them, and did not make peace for four years. Venturesome traders, however, continued to come to them from Mobile, and to obtain a considerable number of pelts for the French markets. British traders from South Carolina incited the Indians against the French, and there developed French and British Factions in the tribe. The Chickasaws finally were the occasion for the most disastrous wars during the French control of Louisiana. To hold them was an essential part of French policy, for they controlled the upper termini of the routes from the north to Mobile. They threatened constantly to give the British a hold on this region, from whence they could move easily down the rivers to the French settlements near the Gulf.   
Bienville realized that if the French were to hold the southeastern tribes against the enticements of British goods, French traders must be able to offer a supply as abundant as the Carolinians and at reasonable prices. His urgings brought some results. The Company of the Indies promised to send over a supply of Indian trading goods, and to price them more cheaply in terms of deerskins. But it coupled with this a requirement that Indians must bring their pelts to Mobile and thus save all costs of transportation into and out of the Indian country.   
The insistence of Bienville upon giving liberal prices to the Indians, in order to drive back the Carolina traders, was probably a factor that led to his recall in 1724. For two years his friend and cousin, Boisbriant, remained as acting governor and could do little to stem the Anglican advance. Although he incited a few friendly Indians to pillage the invaders, and even kill some of them, the Carolina advance continued.

The company was impressed with some ideas of the danger from Carolina, and when Perier came over as governor in 1727, he was given special instructions regarding the trade of the Mobile district. But the Company of the Indies, holding to its program of economy, made no arrangements to furnish better goods at attractive prices. To the directors the problem appeared a matter of intrigue or diplomacy. Perier attempted to understand the problem by sending agents to inquire among the Indians. These agents were to ascertain the difference between English and French goods, and the prices charged the Indians. They were to conciliate the unfriendly savages, and, wherever possible, to incite the natives to pillage the traders from Carolina. They were to promise fine presents to the loyal red men, as well as an abundant supply of trading goods at better prices than the opposition was offering. Perier's intrigues gained some successes. The savages divided into two factions; one was British and the other, French. So hostile did these factions become that, among the Choctaws, civil war broke out.   
Perier's efforts, however, were on the whole ineffective in winning back the tribes of the Mobile district, and he decided to send troops into the troubled country. He asked the government for two hundred soldiers, who were to be specifically assigned to arrest English traders and disloyal Indians. In spite of the company's restrictions, he planned to build new posts in the territory. He asked also for more supplies to trade at a low price for the Indians' pelts.   
No help came from the crown, and Perier, in desperation, gave a monopoly of the Indian trade in the district to D'Artaguette. D'Artaguette went vigorously to work, and gave credit to many hunters. But they brought back few pelts to pay their debts, and soon French trade in the region was at an end. Perier finally, in one last bid in 1730, cut the price of goods to an advance of 40 per cent above the cost in France. The Indians were not impressed and held to the Carolina traders, who swarmed over the country, almost to the Mississippi.   
With the loss of the Mobile trade, which ended all profits from Louisiana, the Natchez Indians revolted. They destroyed a trading house and pillaged the goods, and harassed French shipping on the Mississippi. The war to subdue them taxed the resources of the colony and piled up enormous debts. In January, 1731, the company asked the crown to relieve it of the government of the colony. It stated that it had lost 20,000,000 livres in its operations, and apparently blamed its poor success largely on the Indian trade. It offered to surrender its right to exclusive trade, but asked an indemnity. The King accepted the surrender and fixed the compensation of the company at 1,450,000 livres. Thenceforth, the commerce of Louisiana was free to all Frenchmen.   
Company rule in Louisiana left the colony without fortifications, arms, munitions, or supplies. The difficulties of trade had ruined many <voyageurs>, and numbers of them had gone to live with the natives and rear half-blood families. Others left the country, and there was no one familiar with the Indian trade. If this trade should be resumed, the <habitants> who had come to be farmers or artisans, and soldiers discharged from the army, must be hardened to the severe life of <coureurs de bois>. This was a slow and difficult course, and French trade suffered from the many mistakes of the new group of traders. These men were without capital or experience.   
Perier and Salmon, the intendant, wished either to entrust the trade to an association of merchants or to have the crown furnish goods on credit to individuals who would repay their debts with pelts. Bienville, who returned to succeed Perier in 1732, objected that the merchants would not accept the responsibility of managing a trade in which they could see no hope of profits. He reported, too, that among the <habitants> there were none of probity and ability sufficient to justify entrusting them with the King's goods. He did find some to trust, however, and he employed the King's soldiers to trade. With no company to interfere, he kept close control over all the traders.   
In order to compete with English traders, Bienville radically changed the price schedule. The King should expect no profit, and an advance of only 20 per cent above the cost in France, which would cover the expense of transportation and handling, was all he charged the traders. They would not be pleased to have it published back home that they planned a frolic in Paris or Hong Kong at the Treasury's expense. They would be particularly displeased with the State Department if it were the source of such reports. Few things are more perilous for the State Department than a displeased congressman.   
The reason for this bears explaining for those who may wonder why State spends so much of its diplomatic energy on Congress when the Russians are so available. First, the State Department is unique among government agencies for its lack of public supporters. The farmers may be aroused if Congress cuts into the Agriculture Department's budget. Businessmen will rise if Congress attacks the Commerce Department. Labor restrains undue brutality toward the Labor Department; the Chamber of Commerce, assaults upon the Treasury. A kaleidoscope of pressure groups make it unpleasant for the congressman who becomes ugly toward the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare. The congressman's patriotism is always involved when he turns upon the Defense Department. Tampering with the Post Office may infuriate every voter who can write.   
With all these agencies, the congressman must constantly check the political wind and trim his sails accordingly. No such political restraint subdues his blood when he gazes upon the State Department in anger.   
In many sections he may even reap applause from press and public for giving it a good lesson. After all, the money dispensed by State goes not to the farmer, the laborer, or the businessman, but to <foreigners>. Not only do these foreigners not vote for American congressmen; they are also probably ungrateful for Uncle's Sam's bounty. And are not the State Department men who dispense this largesse merely crackpots and do-gooders who have never met a payroll? Will not the righteous congressman be cheered at the polls if he reminds them to get right with America and if he saves the taxpayer some money by spoiling a few of their schemes? The chances are excellent that he will.   
The result is that the State Department's perpetual position before Congress is the resigned pose of the whipping boy who expects to be kicked whenever the master has had a dyspeptic outing with his wife. People in this position do not offend the master by relating his peccadilloes to the newspapers. State keeps the junketeering list a secret.   
The Department expects and receives no thanks from Congress for its discretion. Congress is a harsh master. State is expected to arrange the touring Cicero's foreign itinerary; its embassies are expected to supply him with reams of local money to pay his way; embassy workers are expected to entertain him according to his whim, frequently with their savings for the children's college tuition.   
But come the next session of Congress, State can expect only that its summer guest will bite its hand when it goes to the Capitol asking money for diplomatic entertaining expenses abroad or for living expenses for its diplomats. The congressman who, in Paris, may have stuffed his wallet with enough franc notes to paper the roof of Notre-Dame will systematically scream that a $200 increase in entertainment allowance for a second secretary is tantamount to debauchery of the Treasury.

In the matter of money State's most unrelenting watchdog during the Eisenhower years was Representative John J& Rooney, of Brooklyn, who controlled the purse for diplomatic administrative expenses. Diplomats stayed up nights thinking of ways to attain peaceful coexistence, not with Nikita Khrushchev, but with John Rooney. Nothing worked. In the most confidential whispers ambassadors told of techniques they had tried to bring Rooney around- friendly persuasion, groveling abasement, pressure subtly exerted through other powerful congressmen, tales of heartbreak and penury among a threadbare diplomatic corps. Rooney remained untouched.   
"The trouble" explained Loy Henderson, then Deputy Undersecretary for Administration, "is that when we get into an argument with him about this thing, it always turns out that Rooney knows more about our budget than we do".   
One year the Department collected a file of case histories to document its argument that men in the field were paying the government's entertainment bills out of personal income. News of the project reached the press. Next day, reports went through the Department that Rooney had been outraged by what he considered a patent attempt to put public pressure on him for increased entertainment allowances and had sworn an oath that, that year, expense allowances would not rise a dollar. They didn't.   
The Department's constant fight with the House for money is a polite minuet compared with its periodic bloody engagements with the Senate. Armed with constitutional power to negate the Executive's foreign policy, the Senate carries a big stick and is easily provoked to use it on the State Department's back, or on the head of the Secretary of State.   
With its power to investigate, the Senate can paralyze the Secretary by keeping him in a state of perpetual testimony before committees, as it did with Dean Acheson. John Foster Dulles escaped by keeping his personal show on the road and because Lyndon Johnson, who was then operating the Senate, refused to let it become an Inquisition. During Dulles's first two years in office, while Republicans ran the Senate, the Department was at the mercy of men who had thirsted for its blood since 1945.   
An internal police operation managed by Scott McLeod, a former F&B&I& man installed as security officer upon congressional insistence, was part of the vengeance. So was the attack upon Charles E& Bohlen when Eisenhower appointed him Ambassador to Moscow. The principal mauler, however, was Senator Joseph McCarthy. Where Acheson had fought a gallant losing battle for the Department, Dulles fed the crocodile with his subordinates. Fretting privately but eschewing public defense of his terrorized bureaucrats, Dulles remained serene and detached while the hatchet men had their way.   
In view of Eisenhower's reluctance to concede that anything was amiss in the Terror, it is doubtful that heroic intervention by Dulles could have produced anything but disaster for him and the country's foreign policy. In any event, the example of Acheson's trampling by the Senate did not encourage Dulles to provoke it. He elected to "get along".   
During this dark chapter in State Department history, men who had offered foreign-policy ideas later proven wrong by events filled the tumbrels sent up to Capitol Hill. Their old errors of judgment were equated, in the curious logic of the time, with present treasonous intent. Their successors, absorbing the lesson, made it a point to have few ideas.   
This, in turn, brought a new fashion in senatorial criticism as the Democrats took control. In the new style, the Department was berated as intellectually barren and unable to produce the vital ideas needed to outwit the Russians. For three or four years in the mid-1950's, this complaint was heard rumbling up from the Senate floor whenever there was a dull legislative afternoon. It became smart to say that the fault was with Dulles because he would not countenance thinking done by anyone but himself.   
An equally tenable thesis is that the dearth of new thought was created by the Senate's own penchant for crucifying anyone whose ideas seem unorthodox to the next generation. #@ GETTING ALONG WITH FOREIGNERS#

THERE ARE ninety-eight foreign embassies and legations in Washington. They range from the Soviet Embassy on Sixteenth Street, a gray shuttered pile suggesting a funeral-accessories display house, to what Congressman Rooney has called "that monstrosity on Thirty-fourth Street", the modern cement-and-glass chancery of the Belgians.   
Here is the world of the chauffeured limousine and the gossip reporter, of caviar on stale crackers and the warm martini, of the poseur, the spy, the party crasher, and the patriot, of the rented tails, the double cross, and the tired Lothario.   
Into its chanceries each day pour reports from ministries around the earth and an endless stream of home-office instructions on how to handle Uncle Sam in an infinite variety of contingencies. Here are hatched plans for getting a share of the American bounty, the secret of the anti-missile missile, or an invitation to dinner. Out of it each week go hundreds of thousands of words purporting to inform home ministries about what is really happening inside Washington. Some, like the British and the French, maintain an elaborate system of personal contacts and have experts constantly studying special areas of the American scene. Other embassies cable home <The New York Times> without changing a comma.   
Each has its peculiar style. The Soviet Embassy is popularly regarded as Russian espionage headquarters. When Ambassador Mikhail Menshikov took it over in 1957 from Georgi Zaroubin, he made a determined effort to change this idea. Menshikov hit Washington with a ~TV announcer's grin and a hearty handclasp. To everyone's astonishment he seemed no more like the run-of-the-mine Russian ambassador than George Babbitt was like Fyodor Pavlovitch Karamazov.   
Where his predecessors had glowered, Menshikov smiled. Where they had affected the bleak social style of embalmers' assistants, Menshikov went abroad gorgeous in white tie and tails. Overnight he became the most available man in Washington. Speeches by the Soviet ambassador became the vogue as he obliged rural Maryland Rotarians and National Press Club alike. In Senator Joseph McCarthy's phrase, it was the most unheard-of thing ever heard of. A newspaperman who met him at a reception swore that he asked Menshikov: "What should we call you"? And that Menshikov replied: "Just call me Mike". "Smilin' Mike" was the sobriquet Washington gave him. His English was usable and he used it fearlessly. Toasting in champagne one night at the embassy, he hoisted his glass to a senator's wife and gaily cried: "Up your bottom"! For a few giddy months that coincided with one of Moscow's smiling moods, he was the sensation of Washington. At the State Department, hard-bitten Russian experts complained that the Capitol was out of its wits. Newspaper punditry was inspired to remind everyone that Judas, too, had been able to smile.   
The Menshikov interlude ended as larks with the Russians usually end. Finding peaceful coexistence temporarily unsuitable because of domestic politics, Moscow resumed scowling and "Smilin' Mike" dropped quietly out of the press except for an occasional story reporting that he had been stoned somewhere in the Middle West.

The most inscrutable embassies are the Arabs', and the most inscrutable of the Arabs are the Saudi Arabians. When King Saud visited Washington, the overwhelming question consuming the press was the size of his family. Rumor had it that his children numbered in the hundreds. The State Department was little help on this, or on much else about Saudi Arabia. A reporter who consulted a Middle East Information officer for routine vital statistics got nowhere until the State Department man produced from his bottom desk drawer a brochure published by the Arabian-American Oil Company. "This is where I get my information from", he confided. "But bring it right back. It's the only copy I've got".   
The size of Saud's family was still being debated when the King appeared for his first meeting with Eisenhower. When it ended, a dusky sheik in desert robes flowed into Hagerty's office to report on the interview. The massed reporters brushed aside the customary bromides about Saudi-American friendship to bore in on the central question. How many children did the King have?   "Twenty-one", replied the sheik.

And how many of these were sons?   "Twenty-five", the sheik replied.   
"Do you mean to tell us", a reporter asked, "that the King has twenty-one children, twenty-five of whom are sons"?   The sheik smiled and murmured: "That is precisely correct".   
The Egyptians are noted for elusiveness of language. When Dag Hammarskjold was negotiating the Middle East peace after Israel's 1956 invasion of Egypt, he soon found himself speaking the mysterious phrases of Cairo, a language as anarchic as Casey Stengel's. The reports of President Nasser's pledges which Hammarskjold was relaying from Cairo to Washington became increasingly incomprehensible to other diplomats, including the Israeli Foreign Minister, Mrs& Golda Meir. Finally he reported that Nasser was ready to make a concrete commitment in return for Israeli concessions. The deep water is used by many people, but it is always clean, for the washing is done outside. I know now why our Japanese friends were surprised when they walked into our bathroom.   
Of course, most toilets are Eastern style- at floor level- but even when they are raised to chair height, they are actually outside toilets- inside. A few newer homes have Western flush toilets, but even with running water, they are usually Eastern style.   
The next day I visited International Christian College which has developed since the war under the leadership of people who were interned and who know Japan well. They are trying to demonstrate some different ways of teaching and learning. The library has open shelves even in the unbound periodical stockroom. Spiritual life is cultivated, but students do not need to be Christian. They have an enviable record of being able to place in employment 100% of their graduates.   
In the afternoon Miss Hosaka and her mother invited me to go with them and young Mrs& Kodama to see the famous Spring dances of the Geisha dancers. Mrs& Hosaka is one of the Japanese women one reads about- beautiful, artistically talented, an artful manager of her big household- (four boys and four girls), and yet looking like a pampered, gentle Japanese woman. She was a real experience! The dances were as beautiful as anything I have ever seen- they rival the New York Rockettes for scenery and precision as well as imagination.   
Because Don was leaving the next day, I spent the evening with him at Asia Center. The following morning Mr& Morikawa called for me, and we went to visit schools- kindergarten, middle-school, elementary school, and high school- Mr& Yoshimoto's school. There is much more freedom in the schools here than I expected- some think too much.   
There is a great deal of thought being given to the question of moral education in the schools. With the loss of the Emperor diety in Japan, the people are left in confusion with no God or moral teachings that have strength. The older parents continued to teach their children traditional principles, but the younger people, who have lost all faith and convictions, are now parents. There seems to be no purpose in life that is sure- no certain guiding principles to give stability. As a result, money is spent quickly and freely, with no thought of its value. Gambling is everywhere, especially among students. Parents indulge their children.   
The government has recognized the dilemma and is beginning to devise some moral education for the schools- but the teachers often have no firm conviction and are confused. I was told that it is quite likely that Japanese soldiers would not fight again- for why should they? It will be painful, but interesting, to see what kind of a god these people will create or what strong convictions they will develop.   
In the evening the former Oregon State science teachers met for dinner at the New Tokyo Restaurant where I had my first raw fish and found it good. They suggested several new foods, and usually I found them good, except the sweets, which I think I could learn to like. Six of the science teachers were present, and we had great fun.


#SIX#

The first act of Adoniram and Samuel on reaching Calcutta was to report at the police station, a necessity when landing in East India Company territory. On the way they tried to discover all they could about Burma, and they were disturbed to find that Michael Symes's book had not presented an altogether true picture. He had failed to realize that the Burmese were not really treating him as the important visitor he considered himself. They were in fact quietly laughing at him, for their King wished to have nothing to do with the Western world. When Captain John Gibault of Salem had visited Burma in 1793 his ship, the <Astra>, had been promptly commandeered and taken by her captors up the Irrawaddy River. Although after much trouble he did manage to get it back, he discovered there was no trade to be had. All Captain Gibault took back to Salem were a few items for the town's East India Museum. A year later another Salem ship returned from Burma with a cargo of gum lacquer which nobody wanted to buy. After that Salem ships decided to bypass unfriendly Burma.   
The Burmese appeared to have little knowledge of British power or any idea of trade. They despised foreigners. Cruel Burmese governors could, on the slightest whim, take a man's life. As for missionaries, even if they succeeded in getting into the country they probably would not be allowed to preach the Christian faith to the Burmans. Unspeakable tortures or even execution might well be their fate.   
"Go back to America or any other place", well-meaning friends of Captain Heard advised them, "but put thoughts of going to Burma out of your heads".   
Somewhat daunted, the two American missionaries reached the police station where they were questioned by a most unfriendly clerk. When he discovered they had received from the Company's Court of Directors no permission to live in India, coupled with the fact that they were Americans who had been sent to Asia to convert "the heathen", he became more belligerent than ever.   
They explained that they desired only to stop in India until a ship traveling on to Burma could be found. She describes, first, the imaginary reaction of a foreigner puzzled by this "unseasonable exultation"; he is answered by a confused, honest Englishman. The reasons for the Whig joy on this occasion are found to be their expectation of regaining control of the government, their delight at the prospect of a new war, their hopes of having the Tories hanged, and so on. As for the author of the <Englishman,> Mrs& Manley sarcastically deplores that the sole defense of the Protestant cause should be left to "<Ridpath, Dick Steele,> and their Associates, with the Apostles of <Young Man's> Coffee-House".

Another controversy typical of the war between the <Englishman> and the <Examiner> centered on Robert (later Viscount) Molesworth, a Whig leader in Ireland and a member of the Irish Privy Council. On December 21, the day that the Irish House of Commons petitioned for removal of Sir Constantine Phipps, their Tory Lord Chancellor, Molesworth reportedly made this remark on the defense of Phipps by Convocation: "They that have turned the world upside down, are come hither also". Upon complaints from the Lower House of Convocation to the House of Lords, he was removed from the Privy Council, his remark having been represented as a blasphemous affront to the clergy. Steele, who had earlier praised Molesworth in <Tatler> No& 189, now defended him in <Englishman> No& 46, depicting his removal as a setback to the Constitution. On the other hand, Molesworth was naturally assailed in the Tory press. Swift, in the Dublin edition of <A Preface to the Bishop of Sarum's Introduction,> indicated his feelings by including Molesworth, along with Toland, Tindal, and Collins, in the group of those who, like Burnet, are engaged in attacking all Convocations of the clergy. In the same way he coupled Molesworth and Wharton in a letter to Archbishop King, and he had earlier described him as "the worst of them" in some "Observations" on the Irish Privy Council submitted to Oxford. A month later, in <The Publick Spirit of the Whigs,> he used Steele's defense of Molesworth as evidence of his disrespect for the clergy, calling Steele's position an affront to the "whole Convocation of <Ireland>". On this issue, then, as on so many in these months, Steele and Swift took rigidly opposed points of view.   
In the early months of 1714, the battle between Swift and Steele over the issue of the Succession entered its major phase. The preliminaries ended with the publication of Steele's <Crisis> on January 19, and from that point on the fight proceeded at a rapid pace. In answer to <The Crisis,> Swift produced <The Publick Spirit of the Whigs,> his most extensive and bitter attack on his old friend. By this time, as we shall see, the Tories were already planning to "punish" Steele for his political writing by expelling him from the House of Commons. Despite his defense of himself in the final paper of the <Englishman> and in his speech before the House, their efforts were successful. Steele lost his seat in Parliament, and his personal quarrel with Swift, by now a public issue, thus reached its climax.   
Of all the Whig tracts written in support of the Succession, <The Crisis> is perhaps the most significant. Certainly it is the most pretentious and elaborate. Hanoverian agents assisted in promoting circulation, said to have reached 40,000, and if one may judge by the reaction of Swift and other government writers, the work must have had considerable impact. Steele's main business here is to arouse public opinion to the immediate danger of a Stuart Restoration. To this end, the first and longest section of the tract cites all the laws enacted since the Revolution to defend England against the "Arbitrary Power of a Popish Prince". In his comment on these laws Steele sounds all the usual notes of current Whig propaganda, ranging from a criticism of the Tory peace to an attack on the dismissal of Marlborough; but his principal theme is that the intrigues of the Tories, "our Popish or Jacobite Party", pose an immediate threat to Church and State. Like Burnet, he deplores the indifference of the people in the face of the crisis. Treasonable books striking at the Hanoverian Succession, he complains, are allowed to pass unnoticed. In this connection, Swift, too, is drawn in for attack: "The Author of the Conduct of the Allies has dared to drop Insinuations about altering the Succession". In his effort to stir the public from its lethargy, Steele goes so far as to list Catholic atrocities of the sort to be expected in the event of a Stuart Restoration, and, with rousing rhetoric, he asserts that the only preservation from these "Terrours" is to be found in the laws he has so tediously cited. "It is no time", he writes, "to talk with Hints and Innuendos, but openly and honestly to profess our Sentiments before our Enemies have compleated and put their Designs in Execution against us".   
Steele apparently professed his sentiments in this book too openly and honestly for his own good, since the government was soon to use it as evidence against him in his trial before the House. In the final issues of the <Englishman,> which ended just as the new session of Parliament began, he provided his enemies with still more ammunition. For example, No& 56 printed the patent giving the Electoral Prince the title of Duke of Cambridge. In a few months the Duke was to be the center of a controversy of some significance on the touchy question of the Protestant Succession. At the order of the Dowager Electress, the Hanoverian agents, supported by the Whig leaders, demanded that a writ of summons be issued which would call the Duke to England to sit in Parliament, thus further insuring the Succession by establishing a Hanoverian Prince in England before the Queen's death. Anne was furious, and Bolingbroke advised that the request be refused. Oxford, realizing that the law required the issuance of the writ, took the opposite view, for which the Queen never forgave him. Accordingly the request was granted, but the Elector himself, who had not been consulted by his mother, rejected the proposal and recalled his agent Schu^tz, whose impolitic handling of the affair had caused the Hanoverian interest to suffer and had made Oxford's dismissal more likely than ever. Steele in this paper is indicating his sympathy for such a plan. A few days after this <Englishman> appeared, Defoe reported to Oxford that Steele was expected to move in Parliament that the Duke be called over; Defoe then commented, "If they Could Draw that young Gentleman into Their Measures They would show themselves quickly, for they are not asham'd to Say They want Onely a head to Make a beginning".   
The final issue of the <Englishman,> No& 57 for February 15, ran to some length and was printed as a separate pamphlet, entitled <The Englishman: Being the Close of the Paper So-called>. Steele's purpose is to present a general defense of his political writing and a resume of the themes which had occupied him in the <Englishman;> but there is much here also which bears directly on his personal quarrel with Swift. Thus he complains, with considerable justice, that the Tory writers have resorted to libel instead of answering his arguments. His birth, education, and fortune, he says, have all been ridiculed simply because he has spoken with the freedom of an Englishman, and he assures the reader that "whoever talks with me, is speaking to a Gentleman born". As notable examples of this abuse, he quotes passages from the <Examiner,> "that Destroyer of all things", and <The Character of Richard Steele,> which he here attributes to Swift. Though put in rather maudlin terms, Steele's defense of himself has a reasonable basis. His point is simply that the Tories have showered him with personal satire, despite the fact that as a private subject he has a right to speak on political matters without affronting the prerogative of the Sovereign. He claims, too, that his political convictions are simply those which are called "Revolution Principles" and which are accepted by moderate men in both parties.   
The final section of this pamphlet is of special interest in a consideration of Steele's relations with Swift. It purports to be a letter from Steele to a friend at court, who, in Miss Blanchard's opinion, could only be meant as Swift. Steele first answers briefly the charges which his "dear old Friend" has made about his pamphlet on Dunkirk and his <Crisis>. Then he launches into an attack on the Tory ministers, whom he calls the "New Converts"; by this term he means to ridicule their professions of acting in the interest of the Church despite their own education and manner of life- a gibe, in other words, at the "Presbyterianism" in Harley's family and at Bolingbroke's reputed impiety. The Tory leaders, he insinuates, are cynically using the Church as a political "By-word" to increase party friction and keep themselves in power. This is the principal point made in this final section of <Englishman> No& 57, and it caps Steele's efforts in his other writing of these months to counteract the notion of the Tories as a "Church Party" supported by the body of the clergy.   
Next, Steele turns his attention to the "Courtier" he is addressing. He explains that there are sometimes honorable courtiers, but that too often a man who succeeds at court does not hesitate to sacrifice his Sovereign and nation to his own avarice and ambition. Such, he implies, is the case with his friend, who is not really a new convert himself but merely a favorer of new converts. If "Jack the Courtier" is really to be taken as Swift, the following remark is obviously Steele's comment on Swift's change of parties and its effect on their friendship: "I assure you, dear <Jack,> when I first found out such an Allay in you, as makes you of so malleable a Constitution, that you may be worked into any Form an Artificer pleases, I foresaw I should not enjoy your Favour much longer". He closes his "letter" by demanding that Dunkirk be demolished, that the Pretender be forced to move farther away from the coast of England, and that the Queen and the House of Hanover come to a better understanding. The last point was soon to be included in the "seditious" remarks used against him in Parliament.

The <Examiner,> during Steele's trial a month later, printed an answer from the "courtier" addressed to "R& S&" at Button's coffee-house. He reviews Steele's entrance into politics and finds that his present difficulties are due to his habit of attributing to his own abilities and talents achievements which more properly should be credited to the indulgence of his friends. Once more, in other words, Steele is said to be indebted to Swift for his "wit"; this was the form in which their private feud most often appeared in the Tory press, especially the <Examiner>. In <The Publick Spirit of the Whigs,> it may be noted, Swift himself contemptuously dismissed Steele's reference to his friend at court: "I suppose by the Style of <old Friend,> and the like, it must be some Body <there> of his own Level; among whom, his Party have indeed more <Friends> than I could wish".   
On February 16, Steele took his seat in Parliament. By now he was undergoing a fresh torrent of abuse from Tory papers and pamphlets, and action was being taken to effect his punishment by expulsion from Parliament. On the very day that the parliamentary session began, another "Infamous Libel" appeared, entitled <A Letter from the Facetious Dr& Andrew Tripe, at Bath, to the Venerable Nestor Ironside>. It is filled with the usual personal abuse of Steele, especially of his physical appearance; in the opening paragraph, too, Steele is accused of extreme egotism, of giving "himself the preference to all the learned, his contemporaries, from Dr& Sw-ft himself, even down to Poet Cr-spe of the Customhouse". When Harold Arlen returned to California in the winter of 1944, it was to take up again a collaboration with Johnny Mercer, begun some years before. The film they did after his return was an inconsequential bit of nothing titled <Out of This World,> a satire on the Sinatra bobby-soxer craze. The twist lay in using Bing Crosby's voice on the sound track while leading man Eddie Bracken mouthed the words. If nothing else, at least two good songs came out of the project, "Out of This World" and "June Comes Around Every Year".

Though they would produce some very memorable and lasting songs, Arlen and Mercer were not given strong material to work on. Their first collaboration came close. Early in 1941 they were assigned to a script titled <Hot Nocturne>. It purported to be a reasonably serious attempt at a treatment of jazz musicians, their aims, their problems- the tug-of-war between the "pure" and the "commercial"- and seemed a promising vehicle, for the two men shared a common interest in jazz.   
Johnny Mercer practically grew up with the sound of jazz and the blues in his ears. He was born in Savannah, Georgia, in 1909. His father, George A& Mercer, was descended from an honored Southern family that could trace its ancestry back to one Hugh Mercer, who had emigrated from Scotland in 1747.

The lyricist's father was a lawyer who had branched out into real estate. His second wife, Lillian, was the mother of John H& Mercer. By the age of six young Johnny indicated that he had the call. One day he followed the Irish Jasper Greens, the town band, to a picnic and spent the entire day listening, while his family spent the day looking. The disappearance caused his family to assign a full-time maid to keeping an eye on the boy. But one afternoon Mrs& Mercer met her; both were obviously on the way to the Mercer home. The mother inquired, "Where's Johnny, and why did you leave him"? "There was nothing else I could do", the maid answered, satisfied with a rather vague explanation. But Mrs& Mercer demanded more. The maid then told her, "Because he fired me".   
With her son evidencing so strong a musical bent his mother could do little else but get him started on the study of music- though she waited until he was ten- beginning with the piano and following that with the trumpet. Young Mercer showed a remarkable lack of aptitude for both instruments. Still, he did like music making and even sang in the chapel choir of the Woodberry Forest School, near Orange, Virginia, where he sounded fine but did not matriculate too well. When he was fifteen John H& Mercer turned out his first song, a jazzy little thing he called "Sister Susie, Strut Your Stuff". If his scholarship and formal musicianship were not all they might have been, Mercer demonstrated at an early age that he was gifted with a remarkable ear for rhythm and dialect. From his playmates in Savannah, Mercer had picked up, along with a soft Southern dialect, traces also of the Gullah dialects of Africa. Such speech differences made him acutely aware of the richness and expressivness of language.

During the summers, while he was still in school, Mercer worked for his father's firm as a messenger boy. It generally took well into the autumn for the firm to recover from the summer's help. "We'd give him things to deliver, letters, checks, deeds and things like that", remembers his half-brother Walter, still in the real estate business in Savannah, "and learn days later that he'd absent-mindedly stuffed them into his pocket. There they stayed". This rather detached attitude toward life's encumbrances has seemed to be the dominant trait in Mercer's personality ever since. It is, however, a disarming disguise, or perhaps a shield, for not only has Mercer proved himself to be one of the few great lyricists over the years, but also one who can function remarkably under pressure. He has also enjoyed a successful career as an entertainer (his records have sold in the millions) and is a sharp businessman.   
He has also an extraordinary conscience. In 1927 his father's business collapsed, and, rather than go bankrupt, Mercer senior turned his firm over to a bank for liquidation. He died before he could completely pay off his debts. Some years later the bank handling the Mercer liquidation received a check for $300,000, enough to clear up the debt. The check had been mailed from Chicago, the envelope bore no return address, and the check was not signed.   
"That's Johnny", sighed the bank president, "the best-hearted boy in the world, but absent-minded". But Mercer's explanation was simple: "I made out the check and carried it around a few days unsigned- in case I lost it". When he remembered that he might have not signed the check, Mercer made out another for the same amount, instructing the bank to destroy the other- especially if he had happened to have absent-mindedly signed both of them.   
When the family business failed, Mercer left school and on his mother's urging- for she hoped that he would become an actor- he joined a local little theater group. When the troupe traveled to New York to participate in a one-act-play competition- and won- Mercer, instead of returning with the rest of the company in triumph, remained in New York. He had talked one other member of the group to stay with him, but that friend had tired of not eating regularly and returned to Savannah. But Mercer hung on, living, after a fashion, in a Greenwich Village fourth-flight walk-up. "The place had no sink or washbasin, only a bathtub", his mother discovered when she visited him. "Johnny insisted on cooking a chicken dinner in my honor- he's always been a good cook- and I'll never forget him cleaning the chicken in the tub".   
A story, no doubt apocryphal, for Mercer himself denies it, has him sporting a monacle in those Village days. Though merely clear glass, it was a distinctive trade mark for an aspiring actor who hoped to imprint himself upon the memories of producers. One day in a bar, so the legend goes, someone put a beer stein with too much force on the monacle and broke it. The innocent malfeasant, filled with that supreme sense of honor found in bars, insisted upon replacing the destroyed monacle- and did, over the protests of the former owner- with a square monacle. Mercer is supposed to have refused it with, "Anyone who wears a square monacle must be affected"!   Everett Miller, then assistant director for the <Garrick Gaieties>, a Theatre Guild production, needed a lyricist for a song he had written; he just happened not to need any actor at the moment, however. For him Mercer produced the lyric to "Out of Breath Scared to Death of You", introduced in that most successful of all the <Gaieties>, by Sterling Holloway. This 1930 edition also had songs in it by Vernon Duke and Ira Gershwin, by E& Y& Harburg and Duke, and by Harry Myers. Entrance into such stellar song writing company encouraged the burgeoning song writer to take a wife, Elizabeth Meehan, a dancer in the <Gaieties>. The Mercers took up residence in Brooklyn, and Mercer found a regular job in Wall Street "misplacing stocks and bonds".   
When he heard that Paul Whiteman was looking for singers to replace the Rhythm Boys, Mercer applied and got the job, "not for my voice, I'm sure, but because I could write songs and material generally". While with the Whiteman band Mercer met Jerry Arlen. He had yet to meet Harold Arlen, for although they had "collaborated" on "Satan's Li'l Lamb", Mercer and Harburg had worked from a lead sheet the composer had furnished them. The lyric, Mercer remembers, was tailored to fit the unusual melody.

Mercer's Whiteman association brought him into contact with Hoagy Carmichael, whose "Snowball" Mercer relyriced as "Lazybones", in which form it became a hit and marked the real beginning of Mercer's song-writing career. After leaving Whiteman, Mercer joined the Benny Goodman band as a vocalist. With the help of Ziggy Elman, also in the band, he transformed a traditional Jewish melody into a popular song, "And the Angels Sing". The countrywide success of "Lazybones" and "And the Angels Sing" could only lead to Hollywood, where, besides Harold Arlen, Mercer collaborated with Harry Warren, Jimmy Van Heusen, Richard Whiting, Walter Donaldson, Jerome Kern, and Arthur Schwartz. Mercer has also written both music and lyrics for several songs. He may be the only song writer ever to have collaborated with a secretary of the U& S& Treasury; he collaborated on a song with William Hartman Woodin, who was Secretary of the Treasury, 1932-33.   
When Johnny Mercer and Harold Arlen began their collaboration in 1940, Mercer, like Arlen, had several substantial film songs to his credit, among them "Hooray for Hollywood", "Ride, Tenderfoot, Ride", "Have You Got Any Castles, Baby?", and "Too Marvelous for Words" (all with Richard Whiting); with Harry Warren he did "The Girl Friend of the Whirling Dervish", "Jeepers Creepers", and "You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby". Mercer's lyrics are characterized by an unerring ear for rhythmic nuances, a puckish sense of humor expressed in language with a colloquial flair. Though versatile and capable of turning out a ballad lyric with the best of them, Mercer's forte is a highly polished quasi-folk wit.

His casual, dreamlike working methods, often as not <in absentia>, were an abrupt change from Harburg's, so that Arlen had to adjust again to another approach to collaboration. There were times that he worked with both lyricists simultaneously.   
Speaking of his work with Johnny Mercer, Arlen says, "Our working habits were strange. After we got a script and the spots for the songs were blocked out, we'd get together for an hour or so every day. While Johnny made himself comfortable on the couch, I'd play the tunes for him. He has a wonderfully retentive memory. After I would finish playing the songs, he'd just go away without a comment. I wouldn't hear from him for a couple of weeks, then he'd come around with the completed lyric".   
Arlen is one of the few (possibly the only) composer Mercer has been able to work with so closely, for they held their meetings in Arlen's study. "Some guys bothered me", Mercer has said. "I couldn't write with them in the same room with me, but I could with Harold. He is probably our most original composer; he often uses very odd rhythms, which makes it difficult, and challenging, for the lyric writer".   
While Arlen and Mercer collaborated on <Hot Nocturne>, Mercer worked also with Arthur Schwartz on another film, <Navy Blues>. Arlen, too, worked on other projects at the same time with old friend Ted Koehler. Besides doing a single song, "When the Sun Comes Out", they worked on the ambitious <Americanegro Suite>, for voices and piano, as well as songs for films.   
The <Americanegro Suite> is in a sense an extension of the Cotton Club songs in that it is a collection of Negro songs, not for a night club, but for the concert stage. The work had its beginning in 1938 with an eight-bar musical strain to which Koehler set the words "There'll be no more work/ There'll be no more worry", matching the spiritual feeling of the jot. This grew into the song "Big Time Comin'". By September 1940 the suite had developed into a collection of six songs, "four spirituals, a dream, and a lullaby".   
The Negro composer Hall Johnson studied the <Americanegro Suite> and said of it, "Of all the many songs written by white composers and employing what claims to be a Negroid idiom in both words and music, these six songs by Harold Arlen and Ted Koehler easily stand far out above the rest. Thoroughly modern in treatment, they are at the same time, full of simple sincerity which invariably characterizes genuine Negro folk-music and are by no means to be confused with the average 'Broadway Spirituals' which depend for their racial flavor upon sundry allusions to the 'Amen Corner', 'judgement day', 'Gabriel's horn', and a frustrated devil- with a few random 'Hallelujahs' thrown in for good measure.

I feel obliged to describe this cubbyhole. It had a single porcelain stall and but one cabinet for the chairing of the bards. It was here that the terror-stricken Dennis Moon played an unrehearsed role during the children's party. A much larger room, adjacent to the lavatory, served as a passageway to and from the skimpy toilet. That unused room was large enough for- well, say an elephant could get into it **h and, as a matter of fact, an elephant <did> **h   Something occurred on the morning of the children's party which may illustrate the kind of trouble our restricted toilet facilities caused us. It so happened that sports writer Arthur Robinson got out of the hospital that morning after promising his doctor that he would be back in an hour or two to continue his convalescence. Arthur Robinson traveled with the baseball clubs as staff correspondent for the <American>. He was ghost writer for Babe Ruth, whose main talent for literary composition was the signing of his autograph. Robbie was a war veteran with battle-shattered knees.   
He arrived on crutches at the Newspaper Club with one of his great pals, Oliver Herford, artist, author, and foe of stupidity. Mr& Herford's appearance was that of a frustrated gnome. He seemed timid (<at first>), wore nose glasses from which a black ribbon dangled, and was no bigger than a jockey. Robinson asked Herford to escort him to the club's lavatory before they sat down for a highball and a game of cards. In the jakes, after Robbie and his crutches were properly stowed, Mr& Herford went to the adjoining facility. He had barely assumed his stance there when a fat fellow charged through the doorway. Without any regard for rest-room protocol, the hulking stranger almost knocked Herford off his pins. The artist-author said nothing, but stood to one side. He waited a long time. Nothing was said, nothing accomplished. The unrelieved stranger eventually turned away from the place of his- shall we dare say his Waterloo?- to go to the door.   
Mr& Herford touched the fat man's arm. "Pardon me, sir. May I say that you have just demonstrated the truth of an old proverb- the younger Pliny's, if memory serves me- which, translated freely from the archaic Latin, says, 'The more haste, the less peed'".

Governor Alfred E& Smith was the official host at the children's party. United States Senator Royal S& Copeland was wearing the robes of Santa Claus and a great white beard; the Honorable Robert Wagner, Sr&, at that time a justice of the New York Supreme Court, was on the reception committee. I was in charge of the arrangements- which were soon enough disarranged.   
I had had difficulties from the very first day. When, in my enthusiasm, I proposed the party, my city editor (who disliked the club and many of its members) tried to block my participation in the gala event. Even earlier than that he had resented the fact that I had been chosen to edit the club's <Reporter>.   
City editor Victor Watson of the New York <American> was a man of brooding suspicions and mysterious shifts of mood. Mr& Hearst's telegraphic code word for Victor Watson was "fatboy". The staff saw in him the qualities of a Don Cossack, hence, as mentioned before, his nickname "the Hetman".

The Hetman's physical aspects were not those of a savage rider of the steppes. Indeed, he looked more like a well-fleshed lay brother of the Hospice of St& Bernard. Nor were his manners barbaric. He had a purring voice and poker player's immobility of features which somehow conveyed the feeling that he knew where all the bodies were buried. He was the son of a Scottish father and an American Jewish mother, long widowed, with whom he lived in a comfortable home in Flushing. He had worked in the newspaper business since he was nineteen years old, always for the Hearst service. From the very first he regarded himself as Mr& Hearst's disciple, defender, and afterward his prime minister, self-ordained.   
It was said that the Hetman plotted to take over the entire Hearst newspaper empire one day by means of various coups: the destruction of editors who tried to halt his course, the unfrocking of publishers whose mistakes of judgment might be magnified in secret reports to Mr& Hearst. Whatever the Hetman's ambitions, his colleagues were kept ill at ease. Among the outstanding members of the Hearst cabinet whom he successfully opposed for a time were the great Arthur Brisbane, Bradford Merrill, S&S& Carvalho, and Colonel Van Hamm. He also disliked Runyon, for no good reason other than the fact that the Demon's talent was so marked as to put him well beyond the Hetman's say-so or his supervision.   
Runyon, for his part, had a contemptuous regard for Mr& Watson. "He's a wrong-o", said Runyon, "and I wouldn't trust him as far as I could throw the Statue of Liberty".   
Arthur "Bugs" Baer wrote to me just recently, "Vic wanted to die in harness, with his head towards the wagon. He supported his mother and his brother, who afterwards committed suicide. Watson told me that his brother always sent roses to his mother, blossoms bought with Vic's allowance to him. 'And would you believe it', Vic added, 'she likes him better than she does me. Why'"?   About the only time the Hetman seemed excited was when one of his own pet ideas was born. Then he would get to his feet, as though rising in honor of his own remarkable powers, and say almost invariably, "Gentlemen, this is an amazing story! It's bigger than the Armistice".   
Some of the Hetman's "ideas" were dream-ridden, vaguely imparted, and at times preposterous. One day he assigned me to lay bare a "plot" by the Duponts to supply munitions to a wholly fictitious revolution he said was about to occur in Cuba. He said that his information was so secret that he would not be able to confide in me the origin of his pipeline tip.   
"I can tell you this much", he said. It's bigger than the Armistice".

I worked for a day on this plainly ridiculous assignment and consulted several of my own well-informed sources. Then I spent the next two days at the baseball park and at Jack Doyle's pool parlors. When I returned to make my report, the Hetman did not remember having sent me on the secret mission. He was busy, he said, in having someone submit to a monkey-gland operation. And I was to go to work on that odd matter. I shall tell of it later on.   
The Hetman had a strong liking for a story, any story which was to be had by means of much sleuthing or by roundabout methods. Most of my stories were obtained by simply seeking out the person who could give me the facts, and not as a rule by playing clever tricks.   
One day I tired of following the Hetman's advice of "shadowing" and of the "ring-around-the-rosie" approach to a report that Enrico Caruso had pinched a lady's hip while visiting the Central Park monkey house. I explained my state of mind to artist Winsor McCay and to "Bugs" Baer. Mr& Baer obtained a supply of crepe hair and spirit-gum from an actor at the Friars. We fashioned beards, put them on, and reported to the Hetman at the city desk.   
Mr& Baer had an auburn beard, like Longfellow's. Mr& McCay had on a sort of Emperor Maximilian beard and mustache. As for myself, I had on an enormous black "muff". This, together with a derby hat and horn-rim eyeglasses, gave me the appearance of a Russian nihilist.

"We are ready for your next mysterious assignment", said Mr& Baer to the Hetman. "Where to, sir"?   Mr& Watson did not have much humor in his make-up, but he managed a mirthless smile. Just then a reporter telephoned in from the Bronx to give the rewrite desk an account of a murder. The Hetman told me to take the story over the phone and to write it. While I was sitting at one of the rewrite telephones with my derby and my great beard, Arthur Brisbane whizzed in with some editorial copy in his hand. He paused for a moment to look at me, then went on to the city desk to deliver his "Today" column.   
I thought it expedient to take off my derby, my glasses, and the beard; and also to change telephones. I managed to do this by the time the great A&B& returned to the place where he last had seen the fierce nihilist. He stood there staring with disbelief at the vacant desk. Then he wrinkled his huge brow and went slowly out of the room. He had a somewhat goggle-eyed expression. He had been "seeing things".   
The Hetman's "ideas" for news stories or editorial campaigns were by no means always fruitless or lacking in merit. He campaigned successfully for the riddance of "Death Avenue" and also brought about the ending of pollution of metropolitan beaches by sewage. He exposed the bucket-shop racket with the able assistance of two excellent reporters, Nat Ferber and Carl Helm. In the conduct of these and many other campaigns, the Hetman proved to be a much abler journalist than his critics allowed.

It seems to me now, in a long backward glance, that many of the Hetman's conceits and odd actions- together with his grim posture when brandishing the hatchet in the name of Mr& Hearst- were keyed with the tragedy which was to close over him one day. Alone, rejected on every hand, divorced, and in financial trouble, he leaped from an eleventh-floor window of the Abbey Hotel in 1937.   
One finds it difficult to pass censure on the lonely figure who waited for days for a saving word from his zealously served idol, W&R& Hearst. That word was withheld when the need of it seemed the measure of his despair. The unfinished note, written in pencil upon the back of a used envelope, and addressed to the coroner, makes one wonder about many things: "God forgive me for everything. <I cannot> **h"   Much to Damon Runyon's amazement, as well as my own, I got along splendidly with the Hetman; that is, until I became an editor, hence, in his eyes, a rival. Not long after Colonel Van Hamm had foisted me on the Watson staff I received a salary raise and a contract on the Hetman's recommendation. During the next years he gave me the second of the five contracts I would sign with the Hearst Service. It was a somewhat unusual thing for a reporter to have a contract in those days before the epidemic of syndicated columnists. I would like to believe that my ability warranted this advancement. Somehow I think that Watson paid more attention to me than he otherwise might have because his foe, Colonel Van Hamm, wouldn't touch me with a ten-foot blue pencil.   
I remember one day when Mr& Hearst (and I never knew why <he> liked me, either) sent the Hetman a telegram: "Please find some more reporters like that young man from Denver". Watson showed this wire to Colonel Van Hamm. The colonel grunted, then made a remark which might be construed in either of two ways. "Don't bother to look any further. We already <have> the only one of its kind".   
The Hetman did have friends, but they were mostly outside the newspaper profession. Sergeant Mike Donaldson, Congressional Medal of Honor soldier, was one of them. Dr& Menas S& Gregory was another. I used to go with Watson to call on the eminent neurologist at his apartment, to sit among the doctor's excellent collection of statues, paintings, and books and drink Oriental coffee while Watson seemed to thaw out and become almost affable.   
There was one time, however, when his face clouded and he suddenly blurted, "Why did my brother commit suicide"?   I cannot remember Dr& Gregory's reply, if, indeed, he made one. If she were not at home, Mama would see to it that a fresh white rose was there. Sometimes, Mrs& Coolidge would close herself in the Green Suite on the second floor, and play the piano she had brought to the White House. Mama knew she was playing her son's favorite pieces and feeling close to him, and did not disturb her.   
All the rest of the days in the White House would be shadowed by the tragic loss, even though the President tried harder than ever to make his little dry jokes and to tease the people around him.   
A little boy came to give the President his personal condolences, and the President gave word that any little boy who wanted to see him was to be shown in. Backstairs, the maids cried a little over that, and the standing invitation was not mentioned to Mrs& Coolidge.   
The President was even more generous with the First Lady than he had been before the tragedy. He would bring her boxes of candy and other presents to coax a smile to her lips.   
He brought her shawls. Dresses were short in the days of Mrs& Coolidge, and Spanish shawls were thrown over them. He got her dozens of them. One shawl was so tremendous that she could not wear it, so she draped it over the banister on the second floor, and it hung over the stairway. The President used to look at it with a ghost of a smile.   
Mrs& Coolidge spent more time in her bedroom among her doll collection. She kept the dolls on the Lincoln bed. At night, when Mama would turn back the covers, she would have to take all the dolls off the bed and place them elsewhere for the night. Mama always felt that the collection symbolized Mrs& Coolidge's wish for a little girl.   
Among the dolls was one that meant very much to the First Lady, who would pick it up and look at it often. It had a tiny envelope tied to its wrist. An accompanying sympathetic letter explained that inside the envelope was a name for Mrs& Coolidge's first granddaughter. Mama knew this doll was meant to help Mrs& Coolidge overcome her grief by turning her eyes to the future. The name inside the envelope was "Cynthia".

The Coolidges' life, after the death of their son, was quieter than ever. John was away at school most of the time. Mrs& Coolidge would knit, and the President would sit reading, or playing with the many pets around them.   
Now and then, the President would call for "Little Jack, Master of the Hounds", which was his nickname for a messenger who had worked in the White House since Teddy Roosevelt's administration, and discuss the welfare of some one of the animals. It was part of Little Jack's work to look after the dogs.   
One White House dog was immortalized in a painting. That was Rob Roy, who posed with Mrs& Coolidge for the portrait by Howard Chandler Christy. To get him to pose, Mrs& Coolidge would feed him candy, so he enjoyed the portrait sessions as well as she did.   
I would like to straighten out a misconception about the dress Mrs& Coolidge is wearing in this painting. It is not the same dress as the one on her manikin in the Smithsonian. People think the dress in the picture was lengthened by an artist much later on. This is not true. The dress in the painting is a bright red, with rhinestones forming a spray on the right side. There is a long train flowing from the shoulders.   
Mrs& Coolidge gave Mama this dress for me, and I wore it many times. I still have the dress, and I hope to give it to the Smithsonian Institution as a memento, or, as I more fondly hope, to present it to a museum containing articles showing the daily lives of the Presidents- if I can get it organized.   
But to get back to the Coolidge household, Mrs& Coolidge so obviously loved dogs, that the public sent her more dogs- Calamity Jane, Timmy, and Blackberry. The last two were a red and a black chow. Rob Roy remained boss of all the dogs. He showed them what to do, and taught them how to keep the maids around the White House in a state of terror.   
The dogs would run through the halls after him like a burst of bullets, and all the maids would run for cover. Mama didn't know what to do- whether to tell on Rob Roy or not- since she had the ear of Mrs& Coolidge more than the other maids. But she was afraid the First Lady would not understand, because Rob Roy was a perfect angel with the First Family.   
Every day, when the President took his nap, Rob Roy would stretch out on the window seat near him, like a perfect gentleman, and stare thoughtfully out the window, or he would take a little nap himself. He would not make a sound until the President had wakened and left for the office; then he would bark to let everyone know the coast was clear. His signal was for the other dogs to come running, but it was also the signal for Mama and the other maids to watch out.   
Rob Roy was self-appointed to accompany the President to his office every morning. Rob Roy was well aware of the importance of this mission, and he would walk in front of the President, looking neither to the right nor to the left.   
At dinner, lunch, or breakfast, the President would call out, "Supper"!- he called all meals supper- after the butler had announced the meal. All the dogs would dash to get on the elevator with the President and go to the dining room. They would all lie around on the rug during the meal, a very pretty sight as Rob Roy, Prudence, and Calamity Jane were all snow-white.   
When Prudence and Blackberry were too young to be trusted in the dining room, they were tied to the radiator with their leashes, and they would cry. Mama tried to talk to them and keep them quiet while she tidied up the sitting room before the First Family returned.   
Finally, Mama did mention to Mrs& Coolidge that she felt sorry for the little dogs, and then Mrs& Coolidge decided to leave the radio on for them while she was gone, even though her husband disapproved of the waste of electricity.   
Mama was now the first maid to Mrs& Coolidge, because Catherine, the previous first maid, had become ill and died. Mrs& Coolidge chose Mama in her place. It was a high mark for Mama.   
Every First Family seems to have one couple upon whom it relies for true friendship. For the Coolidges, it was Mr& and Mrs& Frank W& Stearns of Boston, Massachusetts, owners of a large department store. They seemed to be at the White House half the time. The butlers were amused because when the Stearns were there, the President would say grace at breakfast. If the Stearns were not there, grace would be omitted.

Speaking of breakfast, the President inaugurated a new custom- that of conducting business at the breakfast table. The word was that this too was part of an economy move on his part. A new bill had been passed under Harding that designated the Government, rather than the President, as the tab-lifter for official meals. So the President would make a hearty breakfast official by inviting Government officials to attend.   
He caused a lot of talk when he also chose the breakfast hour to have the barber come in and trim his hair while he ate. Mama said that if Presidents were supposed to be colorful, Mr& Coolidge certainly made a good president. He knew exactly how to be colorful!   The favorite guest of the house, as far as the staff was concerned, was Mr& Wrigley, the chewing gum king. The White House had chewing gum until it could chew no more, and every Christmas, Mr& Wrigley sent the President a check for $100, to be divided among all the help. You can imagine that he got pretty good service.   
Another good friend of the Coolidges' was George B& Harvey, who was the Ambassador to Great Britain from 1921 to 1923. He had been a friend of the Hardings, and continued to be invited by the Coolidges.   
The first royalty whom Mama ever waited on in the White House was Queen Marie of Rumania, who came to a State dinner given in her honor on October 21, 1926. She was not an overnight guest in the White House, but Mr& Ike Hoover, the chief usher, had Mama check her fur coat when she came in, and take care of her needs. Mama said she was one of the prettiest ladies she had ever seen.   
Mama was very patriotic, and one of the duties she was proudest of was repairing the edges of the flag that flew above the White House. Actually, two flags were used at the mansion- a small one on rainy days, and a big one on bright days. The wool would become frazzled around the edges from blowing in the wind, and Mama would mend it. She would often go up on the roof to see the attendant take down the flag in the evening. She used to tell me, "When I stand there and look at the flag blowing this way and that way, I have the wonderful, safe feeling that Americans are protected no matter which way the wind blows".   
Even when Mrs& Coolidge was in mourning for her son, she reached out to help other people in trouble. One person she helped was my brother. Mama had told her how Emmett's lungs had been affected when he was gassed in the war. He was in and out of Mount Alto Hospital for veterans any number of times.   
Taking a personal interest, she had the doctor assigned to the White House, Dr& James Coupal, look Emmett over. As a result, he was sent to a hospital in Arizona until his health improved enough for him to come back to Washington to work in the Government service. But again, there was danger that his lungs would suffer in the muggy Washington weather, and he had to return to the dry climate of the West to live and work.   
When Mrs& Coolidge was in mourning, she did not wear black. She wore grey every day, and white every evening. Mama knew that she was out of mourning when she finally wore bright colors. The President helped her a lot by selecting some lovely colored dresses to get her started. She opened the boxes with a tear in her eye and a sad smile on her face.   
On the social side, the chore Mama had at the formal receptions at the White House thrilled her the most. It was her job to stand at the foot of the stairs, and, just as the First Lady stepped off the last tread, Mama would straighten out her long train before she marched to the Blue Room to greet her guests with the President. Mama would enjoy the sight of the famous guests as much as anyone, and would note a gown here and there to tell me about that night.   
One night, Mama came home practically in a state of shock. She had stood at the bottom of the stairs, as usual, when Mrs& Coolidge came down, in the same dress that is now in the Smithsonian, to greet her guests. Mama stooped down to fix the train, but there was no train there! She reached and reached around the dress, but there was nothing there. She looked up and saw that, without knowing it, Mrs& Coolidge was holding it aloft. Mrs& Coolidge looked down, saw Mama's horrified expression and quickly let the whole thing fall to the floor. Mama swirled the train in place, and not a step was lost.   
The Coolidges did not always live at the White House during the Presidency.

Impressive as this enumeration is, it barely hints at the diverse perceptions of Jews, collectively or individually, that have been attested by their Gentile environment. It is reasonable to affirm two propositions: <Jews have been perceived by non-Jews as all things to all men; some Jews have in fact been all things to all men>. In the arena of power Jews have at one time or another been somebody's ally; they have observed correct neutrality; they have been someone's enemy. In the market place Jews have in fact under various circumstances been valued customers and suppliers, or clannish monopolists and cutthroat competitors. And so on through the roles referred to in the previous paragraph. Diversity of perception, yes; diversity of fact, yes.   
But the two do not invariably or even typically coincide. The "conventional" image of a particular time and place is not necessarily congruent with the image of the facts as established over the years by scholarly and scientific research. Conventional images of Jews have this in common with all perceptions of a configuration in which one feature is held constant: images can be both true and false.   
The genuinely interesting question, then, becomes: What factors determine the degree of realism or distortion in conventional images of Jews? The working test of "the facts" must always be the best available description obtainable from scholars and scientists who have applied their methods of investigation to relevant situations. Granted, such "functional" images are subject to human error; they are self-correcting in the sense that they are subject to disciplined procedures that check and recheck against error.   
In accounting for realism or distortion two sets of factors can be usefully distinguished: current intelligence; predispositions regarding intelligence. General Grant may have been the victim of false information in the instance reported in this book; if so, he would not be the first or last commanding officer who has succumbed to bad information and dubious estimates of the future. But General Grant may have been self-victimized. He may have entered the situation with predispositions that prepared him to act uncritically in the press of affairs.   
Predispositions, in turn, fall conveniently into two categories for purposes of analysis. To some extent predispositions are shaped by exposure to group environments. In some measure they depend upon the structure of individual personality. The anti-Semitism of Hitler owed something to his exposure to the ideology of Lueger's politically successful Christian socialist movement in Vienna. But millions of human beings were exposed to Lueger's propaganda and record. After allowing for group exposures, it is apparent that other factors must be considered if we are to comprehend fanaticism. These are personality factors; they include harmonies and conflicts within the whole man, and mechanisms whereby inner components are more or less smoothly met. Modern psychiatric knowledge provides us with many keys to unlock the significance of behavior of the kind.

The foregoing factors are pertinent to the analysis of perceptual images and the broad conditions under which they achieve realism or fall short of it. Undoubtedly one merit of the vast panorama of Gentile conceptions of the Jew unfolded in the present anthology is that it provides a formidable body of material that invites critical examination in terms of reality. Many selections are themselves convincing contributions to this appraisal.   
Undoubtedly, however, the significance of the volume is greater than the foregoing paragraphs suggest. Speaking as a non-Jew I believe that its primary contribution is in the realm of future policy. Since we can neither undo nor redo the past, we are limited to the events of today and tomorrow. In this domain the simple fact of coexistence in the same local, national, and world community is enough to guarantee that we cannot refrain from having some effect, large or small, upon Gentile-Jewish relations. What shall these effects be?   I am deliberately raising the policy problems involved in Gentile-Jewish relations. Comprehensive examination of any policy question calls for the performance of the intellectual tasks inseparable from any problem-solving method. The tasks are briefly indicated by these questions: What are my goals in Gentile-Jewish relations? What are the historical trends in this country and abroad in the extent to which these goals are effectively realized? What factors condition the degree of realization at various times and places? What is the probable course of future developments? What policies if adopted and applied in various circumstances will increase the likelihood that future events will coincide with desired events and do so at least cost in terms of all human values?

It is beyond the province of this epilogue to cover policy questions of such depth and range. The discussion is therefore limited to a suggested procedure for realizing at least some of the potential importance of this volume for future policy. As a groundwork for the proposal I give some attention to the first task enumerated above, the clarification of goal.   
My reply is that I associate myself with all those who affirm that Gentile-Jewish relations should contribute to the theory and practice of human dignity. The basic goal finds partial expression in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, a statement initiated and endorsed by individuals and organizations of many religious and philosophical traditions.   
Within this frame of reference policies appropriate to claims advanced in the name of the Jews depend upon which Jewish identity is involved, as well as upon the nature of the claim, the characteristics of the claimant, the justifications proposed, and the predispositions of the community decision makers who are called upon to act. If Jews are identified as a religious body in a controversy that comes before a national or international tribunal, it is obviously compatible with the goal of human dignity to protect freedom of worship. When decision makers act within this frame they determine whether a claim put forward in the name of religion is to be accepted by the larger community as appropriate to religion. Since the recognition of Israel as a nation state, claims are made in many cases which identify the claimant as a member of the new body politic. Community decision makers must make up their minds whether a claim is acceptable to the larger community in terms of prevailing expectations regarding members of nation states. In free countries many controversies involve self-styled Jews who use the symbol in asserting a vaguely "cultural" rather than religious or political identity. The decision maker who acts for the community as a whole must decide whether the objectives pursued and the methods used are appropriate to public policy regarding cultural groups.   
We know that much is made of the multiplicity and ambiguity of the identities that cluster around the key symbol of the Jew. Many public and private controversies will undoubtedly continue to reflect these confusions in the mind and usage of Gentile and Jew. However, in the context of legal and civic policy, these controversies are less than novel. They involve similar uncertainties regarding the multiple identities of any number of non-Jewish groups. So far as the existing body of formal principle and procedure is concerned, categorical novelties are not to be anticipated in Jewish-Gentile relationships; claims are properly disposed of according to norms common to all parties.   
It is not implied that formal principles and procedures are so firmly entrenched within the public order of the world community or even of free commonwealths that they will control in all circumstances involving Jews and Gentiles during coming years. Social process is always anchored in past predisposition; but it is perennially restructured in situations where anchors are dragged or lost. In conformance with the maximization principle we affirm that Gentile-Jewish relations will be harmonious or inharmonious to the degree that one relation or the other is expected by the active participants to yield the greatest net advantage, taking all value outcomes and effects into consideration. It is not difficult to anticipate circumstances in which negative tensions will cumulate; for instance, imagine the situation if Israel ever joins an enemy coalition. The formal position of Americans who identify themselves with one or more of the several identities of the Jewish symbol is already clear; the future weight of informal factors cannot be so easily assessed.   
When we consider the disorganized state of the world community, and the legacy of predispositions adversely directed against all who are identified as Jews, it is obvious that the struggle for the minds and muscles of men needs to be prosecuted with increasing vigor and skill. During moments of intense crisis the responsibility of political leaders is overwhelming. But their freedom of policy is limited by the pattern of predisposition with which they and the people around them enter the crisis. At such critical moments predispositions favorable to human dignity most obviously "pay off". By the same test predispositions destructive of human personality exercise their most sinister impact, with the result that men of good will are often trapped and nullified.   
Among measures in anticipation of crisis are plans to inject into the turmoil as assistants of key decision makers qualified persons who are cognizant of the corrosive effect of crisis upon personal relationships and are also able to raise calm and realistic voices when overburdened leaders near the limit of self-control. We are learning how to do these things in some of the vast organized structures of modern society; the process can be accelerated.   
A truism is that the time to prepare for the worst is when times are best. During intercrisis periods the educational facilities of the community have the possibility of remolding the perspectives and altering the behavior of vast numbers of human beings of every age and condition. As more men and women are made capable of living up to the challenge of decency the chances are improved that the pattern of predisposition prevailing in positions of strength in future crises can be favorably affected.   
Now an abiding difficulty of paragraphs like the foregoing is that they appear to preach; and in contemporary society we often complain of too much reaffirmation of the goodness of the good. In any case I do not intend to let the present occasion pass without dealing more directly with the problem of implementing good intentions. I assume that the number of readers of this anthology who regard themselves as morally perfect is small, and that most readers are willing to consider procedures by which they may gain more insight into themselves and better understanding of others. Properly used, the present book is an excellent instrument of enlightenment.   
Let us not confuse the issue by labeling the objective or the method "psychoanalytic", for this is a well established term of art for the specific ideas and procedures initiated by Sigmund Freud and his followers for the study and treatment of disordered personalities. The traditional method proceeds by the technique of free association, punctuated by interpretations proposed by the psychoanalytic interviewer.   
What we have in mind does have something in common with the goals of psychoanalysis and with the methods by which they are sought. For what we propose, however, a psychoanalyst is not necessary, even though one aim is to enable the reader to get beneath his own defenses- his defenses of himself to himself. For this purpose a degree of intellectual and emotional involvement is necessary; but involvement needs to be accompanied by a special frame of mind.   
The relatively long and often colorful selections in this anthology enable the reader to become genuinely absorbed in what is said, whether he responds with anger or applause. But simple involvement is not enough; self-discovery calls for an open, permissive, inquiring posture of self-observation.   
The symposium provides an opportunity to confront the self with specific statements which were made at particular times by identifiable communicators who were addressing definite audiences- and throughout several hundred pages everyone is talking about the same key symbol of identification.

An advantage of being exposed to such specificity about an important and recurring feature of social reality is that it can be taken advantage of by the reader to examine covert as well as overt resonances within himself, resonances triggered by explicit symbols clustering around the central figure of the Jew.

Two facets of this aspect of the literary process have special significance for our time. One, a reservation on the point I have just made, is the phenomenon of pseudo-thinking, pseudo-feeling, and pseudo-willing, which Fromm discussed in <The Escape from Freedom>. In essence this involves grounding one's thought and emotion in the values and experience of others, rather than in one's own values and experience. There is a risk that instead of teaching a person how to be himself, reading fiction and drama may teach him how to be somebody else. Clearly what the person brings to the reading is important. Moreover, if the critic instructs his audience in <what> to see in a work, he is contributing to this pseudo-thinking; if he instructs them in <how> to evaluate a work, he is helping them to achieve their own identity.   
The second timely part of this sketch of literature and the search for identity has to do with the difference between good and enduring literary works and the ephemeral mass culture products of today. In the range and variety of characters who, in their literary lives, get along all right with life styles one never imagined possible, there is an implicit lesson in differentiation. The reader, observing this process, might ask "why not be different"? and find in the answer a license to be a variant of the human species. The observer of television or other products for a mass audience has only a permit to be, like the models he sees, even more like everybody else. And this, I think, holds for values as well as life styles. One would need to test this proposition carefully; after all, the large (and probably unreliable) <Reader's Digest> literature on the "most unforgettable character I ever met" deals with village grocers, country doctors, favorite if illiterate aunts, and so forth. Scientists often turn out to be idiosyncratic, too. But still, the proposition is worth examination.   
It is possible that the study of literature affects the conscience, the morality, the sensitivity to some code of "right" and "wrong". I do not know that this is true; both Flu^gel and Ranyard West deal with the development and nature of conscience, as do such theologians as Niebuhr and Buber. It forms the core of many, perhaps most, problems of psychotherapy. I am not aware of great attention by any of these authors or by the psychotherapeutic profession to the role of literary study in the development of conscience- most of their attention is to a pre-literate period of life, or, for the theologians of course, to the influence of religion.   
Still, it would be surprising if what one reads did not contribute to one's ideas of right and wrong; certainly the awakened alarm over the comic books and the continuous concern over prurient literature indicate some peripheral aspects of this influence. Probably the most important thing to focus on is not the development of conscience, which may well be almost beyond the reach of literature, but the contents of conscience, the code which is imparted to the developed or immature conscience available. This is in large part a code of behavior and a glossary of values: what is it that people do and should do and how one should regard it. In a small way this is illustrated by the nineteenth-century novelist who argued for the powerful influence of literature as a teacher of society and who illustrated this with the way a girl learned to meet her lover, how to behave, how to think about this new experience, how to exercise restraint.

Literature may be said to give people a sense of purpose, dedication, mission, significance. This, no doubt, is part of what Gilbert Seldes implies when he says of the arts, "They give form and meaning to life which might otherwise seem shapeless and without sense". Men seem almost universally to want a sense of function, that is, a feeling that their existence makes a difference to someone, living or unborn, close and immediate or generalized. Feeling useless seems generally to be an unpleasant sensation. A need so deeply planted, asking for direction, so to speak, is likely to be gratified by the vivid examples and heroic proportions of literature. The terms "renewal" and "refreshed", which often come up in aesthetic discussion, seem partly to derive their import from the "renewal" of purpose and a "refreshed" sense of significance a person may receive from poetry, drama, and fiction. The notion of "inspiration" is somehow cognate to this feeling. How literature does this, or for whom, is certainly not clear, but the content, form, and language of the "message", as well as the source, would all play differentiated parts in giving and molding a sense of purpose.   
One of the most salient features of literary value has been deemed to be its influence upon and organization of emotion. Let us differentiate a few of these ideas. The Aristotelian notion of catharsis, the purging of emotion, is a persistent and viable one. The idea here is one of <discharge> but this must stand in opposition to a second view, Plato's notion of the <arousal> of emotion. A third idea is that artistic literature serves to <reduce emotional conflicts,> giving a sense of serenity and calm to individuals. This is given some expression in Beardsley's notion of harmony and the resolution of indecision. A fourth view is the transformation of emotion, as in Housman's fine phrase on the arts: they "transform and beautify our inner nature". It is possible that the idea of <enrichment> of emotion is a fifth idea. F&S&C& Northrop, in his discussion of the "Functions and Future of Poetry", suggests this: "One of the things which makes our lives drab and empty and which leaves us, at the end of the day, fatigued and deflated spiritually is the pressure of the taxing, practical, utilitarian concern of common-sense objects. If art is to release us from these postulated things [things we must think symbolically about] and bring us back to the ineffable beauty and richness of the aesthetic component of reality in its immediacy, it must sever its connection with these common sense entities". I take the central meaning here to be the contrast between the drab empty quality of life without literature and a life enriched by it. Richards' view of the aesthetic experience might constitute a sixth variety: for him it constitutes, in part, the <organization of impulses>.   
A sketch of the emotional value of the study of literature would have to take account of all of these. But there is one in particular which, it seems to me, deserves special attention. In the wide range of experiences common to our earth-bound race none is more difficult to manage, more troublesome, and more enduring in its effects than the control of love and hate. The study of literature contributes to this control in a curious way. William Wimsatt and Cleanth Brooks, it seems to me, have a penetrating insight into the way in which this control is effected: "For if we say poetry is to talk of beauty and love (and yet not aim at exciting erotic emotion or even an emotion of Platonic esteem) and if it is to talk of anger and murder (and yet not aim at arousing anger and indignation)- then it may be that the poetic way of dealing with these emotions will not be any kind of intensification, compounding, or magnification, or any direct assault upon the affections at all. Something indirect, mixed, reconciling, tensional might well be the strategem, the devious technique by which a poet indulged in all kinds of talk about love and anger and even in something like "expressions" of these emotions, without aiming at their incitement or even uttering anything that essentially involves their incitement". The rehearsal through literature of emotional life under controlled conditions may be a most valuable human experience. Here I do not mean catharsis, the discharge of emotion. I mean something more like Freud's concept of the utility of "play" to a small child: he plays "house" or "doctor" or "fireman" as a way of mastering slightly frightening experiences, reliving them imaginatively until they are under control.   
There is a second feature of the influences of literature, good literature, on emotional life which may have some special value for our time. In B& M& Spinley's portrayal of the underprivileged and undereducated youth of London, a salient finding was the inability to postpone gratification, a need to satisfy impulses immediately without the pleasure of anticipation or of savoring the experience. Perhaps it is only an analogy, but one of the most obvious differences between cheap fiction and fiction of an enduring quality is the development of a theme or story with leisure and anticipation. Anyone who has watched children develop a taste for literature will understand what I mean. It is at least possible that the capacity to postpone gratification is developed as well as expressed in a continuous and guided exposure to great literature.   
In any inquiry into the way in which great literature affects the emotions, particularly with respect to the sense of harmony, or relief of tension, or sense of "a transformed inner nature" which may occur, a most careful exploration of the particular feature of the experience which produces the effect would be required. In the calm which follows the reading of a poem, for example, is the effect produced by the enforced quiet, by the musical quality of words and rhythm, by the sentiments or sense of the poem, by the associations with earlier readings, if it is familiar, by the boost to the self-esteem for the semi-literate, by the diversion of attention, by the sense of security in a legitimized withdrawal, by a kind license for some variety of fantasy life regarded as forbidden, or by half-conscious ideas about the magical power of words? These are, if the research is done with subtlety and skill, researchable topics, but the research is missing.   
One of the most frequent views of the value of literature is the education of sensibility that it is thought to provide. Sensibility is a vague word, covering an area of meaning rather than any precise talent, quality, or skill. Among other things it means perception, discrimination, sensitivity to subtle differences. Both the extent to which this is true and the limits of the field of perceptual skill involved should be acknowledged. Its truth is illustrated by the skill, sensitivity, and general expertise of the English professor with whom one attends the theatre. The limits are suggested by an imaginary experiment: contrast the perceptual skill of English professors with that of their colleagues in discriminating among motor cars, political candidates, or female beauty. Along these lines, the particular point that sensitivity in literature leads to sensitivity in human relations would require more proof than I have seen. In a symposium and general exploration of the field of <Person Perception and Interpersonal Behavior> the discussion does not touch upon this aspect of the subject, with one possible exception; Solomon Asch shows the transcultural stability of metaphors based on sensation (hot, sweet, bitter, etc&) dealing with personal qualities of human beings and events. But to go from here to the belief that those more sensitive to metaphor and language will also be more sensitive to personal differences is too great an inferential leap.   
I would say, too, that the study of literature tends to give a person what I shall call <depth>. I use this term to mean three things: a search for the human significance of an event or state of affairs, a tendency to look at wholes rather than parts, and a tendency to respond to these events and wholes with feeling. It is the obverse of triviality, shallowness, emotional anaesthesia. I think these attributes cluster, but I have no evidence. In fact, I can only say this seems to me to follow from a wide, continuous, and properly guided exposure to literary art.

THE late R& G& Collingwood, a philosopher whose work has proved helpful to many students of literature, once wrote "We are all, though many of us are snobbish enough to wish to deny it, in far closer sympathy with the art of the music-hall and picture-palace than with Chaucer and Cimabue, or even Shakespeare and Titian. By an effort of historical sympathy we can cast our minds back into the art of a remote past or an alien present, and enjoy the carvings of cavemen and Japanese colour-prints; but the possibility of this effort is bound up with that development of historical thought which is the greatest achievement of our civilization in the last two centuries, and it is utterly impossible to people in whom this development has not taken place. The natural and primary aesthetic attitude is to enjoy contemporary art, to despise and dislike the art of the recent past, and wholly to ignore everything else".   
One might argue that the ultimate purpose of literary scholarship is to correct this spontaneous provincialism that is likely to obscure the horizons of the general public, of the newspaper critic, and of the creative artist himself. There results a study of literature freed from the tyranny of the contemporary. Such study may take many forms. The study of ideas in literature is one of these. Of course, it goes without saying that no student of ideas can justifiably ignore the contemporary scene. He will frequently return to it. The continuities, contrasts, and similarities discernible when past and present are surveyed together are inexhaustible and the one is often understood through the other.   
When we assert the value of such study, we find ourselves committed to an important assumption. Most students of literature, whether they call themselves scholars or critics, are ready to argue that it is possible to understand literary works as well as to enjoy them. Many will add that we may find our enjoyment heightened by our understanding. This understanding, of course, may in its turn take many forms and some of these- especially those most interesting to the student of comparative literature- are essentially historical. But the historian of literature need not confine his attention to biography or to stylistic questions of form, "texture", or technique. He may also consider ideas. It is true that this distinction between style and idea often approaches the arbitrary since in the end we must admit that style and content frequently influence or interpenetrate one another and sometimes appear as expressions of the same insight. But, in general, we may argue that the student can direct the primary emphasis of his attention toward one or the other.   
At this point a working definition of <idea> is in order, although our first definition will have to be qualified somewhat as we proceed. The term <idea> refers to our more reflective or thoughtful consciousness as opposed to the immediacies of sensuous or emotional experience. It is through such reflection that literature approaches philosophy. An idea, let us say, may be roughtly defined as a theme or topic with which our reflection may be concerned. In this essay, we are, along with most historians, interested in the more general or more inclusive ideas, that are so to speak "writ large" in history of literature where they recur continually. Outstanding among these is the idea of human nature itself, including the many definitions that have been advanced over the centuries; also secondary notions such as the perfectibility of man, the depravity of man, and the dignity of man. One might, indeed, argue that the history of ideas, in so far as it includes the literatures, must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning.

We need not, to be sure, expect to find such ideas in every piece of literature. An idea, of the sort that we have in mind, although of necessity readily available to imagination, is more general in connotation than most poetic or literary images, especially those appearing in lyric poems that seek to capture a moment of personal experience. Thus Burns's "<My love is like a red, red rose>" and Hopkins' "<The thunder-purple sea-beach, plumed purple of thunder>" although clearly intelligible in content, hardly present ideas of the sort with which we are here concerned. On the other hand, Arnold's "<The unplumbed, salt, estranging sea>", taken in its context, certainly does so.   
Understanding a work of art involves recognition of the ideas that it reflects or embodies. Thus the student of literature may sometimes find it helpful to classify a poem or an essay as being in idea or in ideal content or subject matter typical or atypical of its period. Again, he may discover embodied within its texture a theme or idea that has been presented elsewhere and at other times in various ways. Our understanding will very probably require both these commentaries. Very likely it will also include a recognition that the work we are reading reflects or "belongs to" some way of thought labelled as a "school" or an "-~ism", i&e& a complex or "syndrome" of ideas occurring together with sufficient prominence to warrant identification. Thus ideas like "grace", "salvation", and "providence" cluster together in traditional Christianity. Usually the work studied offers us a special or even an individualized rendering or treatment of the ideas in question, so that the student finds it necessary to distinguish carefully between the several expressions of an "-~ism" or mode of thought. Accordingly we may speak of the Platonism peculiar to Shelley's poems or the type of Stoicism present in Henley's "Invictus", and we may find that describing such Platonism or such Stoicism and contrasting each with other expressions of the same attitude or mode of thought is a difficult and challenging enterprise. After all, Shelley is no "orthodox" or Hellenic Platonist, and even his "romantic" Platonism can be distinguished from that of his contemporaries. Again, Henley's attitude of defiance which colors his ideal of self-mastery is far from characteristic of a Stoic thinker like Marcus Aurelius, whose gentle acquiescence is almost Christian, comparable to the patience expressed in Milton's sonnet on his own blindness.   
In recent years, we have come increasingly to recognize that ideas have a history and that not the least important chapters of this history have to do with thematic or conceptual aspects of literature and the arts, although these aspects should be studied in conjunction with the history of philosophy, of religion, and of the sciences. When these fields are surveyed together, important patterns of relationship emerge indicating a vast community of reciprocal influence, a continuity of thought and expression including many traditions, primarily literary, religious, and philosophical, but frequently including contact with the fine arts and even, to some extent, with science.

Here we may observe that at least one modern philosophy of history is built on the assumption that ideas are the primary objectives of the historian's research. Let us quote once more from R& G& Collingwood: "History is properly concerned with the actions of human beings **h Regarded from the outside, an action is an event or series of events occurring in the physical world; regarded from the inside, it is the carrying into action of a certain thought **h The historian's business is to penetrate to the inside of the actions with which he is dealing and reconstruct or rather rethink the thoughts which constituted them. It is a characteristic of thoughts that **h in re-thinking them we come, <ipso facto>, to understand why they were thought". Such an understanding, although it must seek to be sympathetic, is not a matter of intuition. "History has this in common with every other science: that the historian is not allowed to claim any single piece of knowledge, except where he can justify his claim by exhibiting to himself in the first place, and secondly to any one else who is both able and willing to follow his demonstration, the grounds upon which it is based. This is what was meant, above, by describing history as inferential. The knowledge in virtue of which a man is an historian is a knowledge of what the evidence at his disposal proves about certain events". It is obvious that the historian who seeks to recapture the ideas that have motivated human behavior throughout a given period will find the art and literature of that age one of his central and major concerns, by no means a mere supplement or adjunct of significant historical research.   
The student of ideas and their place in history will always be concerned with the patterns of transition, which are at the same time patterns of transformation, whereby ideas pass from one area of activity to another. Let us survey for a moment the development of modern thought- turning our attention from the Reformation toward the revolutionary and romantic movements that follow and dwelling finally on more recent decades. We may thus trace the notion of individual autonomy from its manifestation in religious practice and theological reflection through practical politics and political theory into literature and the arts. Finally we may note that the idea appears in educational theory where its influence is at present widespread. No one will deny that such broad developments and transitions are of great intrinsic interest and the study of ideas in literature would be woefully incomplete without frequent reference to them. Still, we must remember that we cannot construct and justify generalizations of this sort unless we are ready to consider many special instances of influence moving between such areas as theology, philosophy, political thought, and literature. The actual moments of contact are vitally important. These moments are historical events in the lives of individual authors with which the student of comparative literature must be frequently concerned.   
Perhaps the most powerful and most frequently recurring literary influence on the Western world has been that of the Old and New Testament. Certainly one of the most important comments that can be made upon the spiritual and cultural life of any period of Western civilization during the past sixteen or seventeen centuries has to do with the way in which its leaders have read and interpreted the Bible. This reading and the comments that it evoked constitute the influence. A contrast of the scripture reading of, let us say, St& Augustine, John Bunyan, and Thomas Jefferson, all three of whom found in such study a real source of enlightenment, can tell us a great deal about these three men and the age that each represented and helped bring to conscious expression. In much the same way, we recognize the importance of Shakespeare's familarity with Plutarch and Montaigne, of Shelley's study of Plato's dialogues, and of Coleridge's enthusiastic plundering of the writings of many philosophers and theologians from Plato to Schelling and William Godwin, through which so many abstract ideas were brought to the attention of English men of letters.   
We may also recognize cases in which the poets have influenced the philosophers and even indirectly the scientists. English philosopher Samuel Alexander's debt to Wordsworth and Meredith is a recent interesting example, as also A& N& Whitehead's understanding of the English romantics, chiefly Shelley and Wordsworth. Hegel's profound admiration for the insights of the Greek tragedians indicates a broad channel of classical influence upon nineteenth-century philosophy. Again the student of evolutionary biology will find a fascinating, if to our minds grotesque, anticipation of the theory of chance variations and the natural elimination of the unfit in Lucretius, who in turn seems to have borrowed the concept from the philosopher Empedocles.   
Here an important caveat is in order. We must avoid the notion, suggested to some people by examples such as those just mentioned, that ideas are "units" in some way comparable to coins or counters that can be passed intact from one group of people to another or even, for that matter, from one individual to another.

"Suppose you take Mr& Hearst's morning <American> at $10,000 a year", Brisbane proposed. "You could come down to the office once a day, look over a few exchanges, dictate an editorial, and then have the remainder of your time for your more serious literary labors. If within one year you can make a success out of the <American>, you can practically name your own salary thereafter. Of course, if you don't make the <American> a success, Hearst will have no further use for you".   
The blue-eyed Watson decided that he would dislike living in New York, and the deal fell through. Hearst's luck was even poorer when he had a chat with Franklin K& Lane, a prominent California journalist and reform politician, whom he asked for his support. Lane was still burning because he had narrowly missed election as governor of California in 1902 and laid his defeat to the antagonism of Hearst's San Francisco <Examiner>. Hearst disclaimed blame for this, but the conversation, according to Lane, ended on a tart note.   
"Mr& Lane", Hearst said, "if you ever wish anything that I can do, all you will have to do will be to send me a telegram asking, and it will be done".   
"Mr& Hearst", Lane replied as he left, "if you ever get a telegram from me asking you to do anything, you can put the telegram down as a forgery".   
Hearst took a brief respite to hurry home to New York to become a father. On April 10, 1904, his first child was born, a son named George after the late Senator. Hearst saw his wife and child, sent a joyful message to his mother in California, and soon returned to Washington, where on April 22, for the first time, he opened his mouth in Congress.   
This was not before the House but before the Judiciary Committee, where he asked for action on one of his pet bills, that calling for an investigation of the coal-railroad monopoly. Attorney Shearn had worked on this for two years and had succeeded in getting a report supporting his stand from the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York. Hearst had spent more than $60,000 of his own money in the probe, but still Attorney General Knox was quiescent.   
Six of the railroads carrying coal to tidewater from the Pennsylvania fields, Hearst said, not only had illegal agreements with coal operators but owned outright at least eleven mines. They had watered their stock at immense profit, then had raised the price of coal fifty cents a ton, netting themselves another $20,000,000 in annual profit.   
"The Attorney General has been brooding over that evidence like an old hen on a doorknob for eighteen months", Hearst said. "He has not acted in any way, and won't let anyone take it away from him **h What I want is to have this evidence come before Congress and if the Attorney General does not report it, as I am very sure he won't, as he has refused to do anything of the kind, I then wish that a committee of seven Representatives be appointed with power to take the evidence **h".

The Congressman tried hard, but failed. This was the very sort of legislation that Roosevelt himself had in mind. There can be little doubt that there was a conspiracy in Washington, overt or implied, to block anything Hearst wanted, even if it was something good. Hatred tied his hands in Congress. Roosevelt and others considered him partly responsible for the murder of McKinley. They were repelled by his noisy newspapers, his personal publicity, his presumptuous campaign for the Presidential nomination, and by the swelling cloud of rumor about his moral lapses. He might get votes from his constituents, but he would never get a helping hand in Congress. He was the House pariah. Even the regular Democrats disowned him. Inherently incapable of cooperating with others, he ran his own show regardless of how many party-line Democratic toes he stepped on. He was a political maverick, a reformer with his own program, determined to bulldoze it through or to blazon the infamy of those who balked him. He showed little interest in measures put forward by the regular Democrats. He sought to run Congress as he ran his New York <American> or <Journal>, a scheme veteran legislators resisted. For a freshman Congressman to read political lessons to graybeard Democrats was poor policy for one who needed to make friends. He soon quarreled with all the party leaders in the House, and came to be regarded with detestation by regular Democrats as a professional radical leading a small pack of obedient terriers whose constant snapping was demoralizing to party discipline.   
To old-line Democrats, the Hearst Presidential boom, now in full cry, was the joke of the new century. Yet no leader had come to the fore who seemed likely to give the puissant T& R& a semblance of a race. There was talk of dragging old ex-President Cleveland out of retirement for another try. Some preferred Judge Alton B& Parker of New York. There was a host of dark horses. The sneers at Hearst changed to concern when it was seen that he had strong support in many parts of the country. Platoons of Hearst agents were traveling from state to state in a surprisingly successful search for delegates at the coming convention, and there were charges that money was doing a large part of the persuading. Just when it was needed for the campaign, Hearst Paper No& 8, the Boston <American>, began publication. A Bay State supporter said, "Mr& Hearst's fight has been helped along greatly by the starting of his paper in Boston". His candidacy affected his journalism somewhat. He ordered his editors to tone down on sensationalism and to refrain from using such words as "seduction", "rape", "abortion", "criminal assault" and "born out of wedlock".   
In a story headed, "HEARST OFFERS CASH", the Republican New York <Tribune> spread the money rumor, quoting an unnamed "Hearst supporter" as saying:   "The argument that is cutting most ice is that Hearst is the only candidate who is fighting the trusts fearlessly and who would use all the powers of government to disrupt them if he were elected. The Hearst men say that if Hearst is nominated, he and his immediate friends will contribute to the Democratic National Committee the sum of $1,500,000. This, it is urged, would relieve the national committee from the necessity of appealing to the trust magnates. The alternative to this is that if a conservative candidate is nominated the national committee will have to appeal to the trusts for their campaign funds, and in doing this will incur obligations which would make a Democratic victory absolutely fruitless **h. the average Democratic politician, especially in the country districts, is hungry for the spoils of office. It has been a long time since he has seen any campaign money, and when the proposition is laid down to him as the friends of Mr& Hearst are laying it down these days he is quite likely to get aboard the Hearst bandwagon".   
If anything, the conservative Democrats were more opposed to Hearst than the Republicans. In his own state of New York, the two Democratic bellwethers, State Leader Hill and Tammany Boss Murphy, were saying nothing openly against Hearst but industriously boosting their own favorites, Murphy being for Cleveland and Hill for Parker. They had lost twice with the radical Bryan, and were having no part of Hearst, whom they considered more radical than Bryan. But his increasing strength in the West looked menacing. It caused Henry Watterson to sound a blast in his Louisville <Courier-Journal:>

"**h Does any sane Democrat believe that Mr& Hearst, a person unknown even to his constituency and his colleagues, without a word or act in the public life of his country, past or present, that can be shown to be his to commend him, could by any possibility be elected President of the United States? But there is a Hearst barrel **h"

More splenetic was Senator Edward Carmack of Tennessee, a Parker man. "**h the nomination of Hearst would compass the ruin of the party", Carmack said. "It would be a disgrace, and, as I have already said to the people of Tennessee, if Hearst is nominated, we may as well pen a dispatch, and send it back from the field of battle: 'All is lost, including our honor'".   
A lone pro-Hearst voice from New York City was that of William Devery, who had been expelled as a Tammany leader but still claimed strong influence in his own district. "I understand [Hearst] is a candidate for Presidential honors", Devery said without cracking a smile. "There's nothing like buildin' from the bottom up. If he's going to the St& Louis convention as a delegate we ought to know it. He's got a lot of friends, and he ought to come along and let us know if he wants our help".   
Hearst won the Iowa state convention, but ran into a bitter battle in Indiana before losing to Parker, drawing an angry statement from Indiana's John W& Kern:

"We are menaced for the first time in the history of the Republic by the open and unblushing effort of a multi-millionaire to purchase the Presidential nomination. Our state has been overrun with a gang of paid agents and retainers **h As for the paid Hessians from other states, we are here to instruct the Indiana Democracy in their duty, I have nothing but contempt **h The Hearst dollar mark is all over them **h"

The talk of a Hearst "barrel" was increasing. Another Indiana observer later commented, "Perhaps we shall never know how much was spent [by Hearst], but if as much money was expended elsewhere as in Indiana a liberal fortune was squandered".

In his fight for the Illinois and Indiana delegations, Hearst made several trips to Chicago to confer with Andrew Lawrence, the former San Francisco <Examiner> man who was now his Chicago kingpin, and once to meet with Bryan. On one visit he stopped at the office of the <American>, where he was known surreptitiously as "the Great White Chief", and for the first time met his managing editor, fat Moses Koenigsberg. Koenigsberg never did learn what Hearst wanted, for the latter shook hands and moved toward the door.

"Never mind, thank you", he said. "I must hurry to catch my train".   
Another editor pointed despairingly at a bundle of letters that had accumulated for him, saying, "But Mr& Hearst, what shall I do with this correspondence"?   "I'll show you", Hearst replied, grinning. He took the stack of mail and tossed it into the waste basket. "Don't bother. Every letter answers itself in a couple of weeks". #/2,. THE HEARST "BARREL"#

HEARST hopped into a private railroad car with Max Ihmsen and made an arduous personal canvass for delegates in the western and southern states, always wearing a frock coat, listening intently to local politicians, and generally making a good impression. He laughed at a story that he planned to bolt the party if he was not nominated.

"I should, of course", he said, "like any other man, be honored and gratified should the Democrats see fit to nominate me. But I do not have to be bribed by office to be a Democrat. I have supported the Democratic party in the last five campaigns. I supported Cleveland three times and Bryan twice. I intend to support the nominee of the party at St& Louis, whoever he may be".   
The Hearst press followed the Chief's progress at the various state conventions with its usual admiring attention, stressing the "enthusiasm" and "loyalty" he inspired. This was historic in its way, for it marked the first time an American Presidential aspirant had advertised his own virtues in his own string of newspapers spanning the land.

Yet his editors did not abandon their sense of story value. When Nan Patterson, a stunning and money-minded chorus girl who had appeared in a <Florodora> road show, rode down Broadway in a hansom cab with her married lover, Frank Young, she stopped the cab to disclose that Young had been shot dead, tearfully insisting that he had shot himself although experts said he could not have done so. Trevelyan's Liberalism was above all a liberalism of the spirit, a deep feeling of communion with men fighting for country and for liberty. His passion and enthusiasm convey the courage and high adventure of Garibaldi's exploits and give the reader a unique sense of participation in the events described.   
The three volumes brought to the fore a characteristic of Trevelyan's prose which remained conspicuous through his later works- a genius for describing military action with clarity and with authority. The confused rambling of guerrilla warfare, such as most of Garibaldi's campaigns were, was brought to life by Trevelyan's pen in some of the best passages in the books. His personal familiarity with the scenes of action undoubtedly contributed much to the final result, but familiarity alone would not have been enough without other qualities. Military knowledge, love of detail, and a sure feeling for the portrayal of action were the added ingredients.   
But the Garibaldi volumes were more than a romantic story. Trevelyan contributed considerable new knowledge of the issues connected with his subject. The outstanding example was in <Garibaldi and the Thousand>, where he made use of unpublished papers of Lord John Russell and English consular materials to reveal the motives which led the British government to permit Garibaldi to cross the Straits of Messina.   
In looking back over the volumes, it is possible to find errors of interpretation, some of which were not so evident at the time of writing. Thus Trevelyan repeats the story which pictured Victor Emmanuel as refusing to abandon the famous <Statuto> at the insistence of General Radetzky. Later research has shown this part of the legend of the <Re Galantuomo> to be false. Trevelyan accepts Italian nationalism with little analysis, he is unduly critical of papal and French policy, and he is more than generous in assessing British policy. But fifty years later the trilogy still maintains a firm place in the list of standard works on the unification of Italy, a position cautiously prophesied by the reviewers at the time of publication.   
Trevelyan's <Manin and the Venetian revolution of 1848>, his last major volume on an Italian theme, was written in a minor key. Published in 1923, it did not gain the popular acclaim of the Garibaldi volumes, probably because Trevelyan felt less at home with Manin, the bourgeois lawyer, than with Garibaldi, the filibuster. The complexities of Venetian politics eluded him, but the story of the revolution itself is told in restrained measures, with no superfluous passages and only an occasional overemphasis of the part played by its leading figure. If it is not one of his best books, it can only be considered unsatisfactory when compared with his own <Garibaldi>.   
Already Trevelyan had begun to parallel his nineteenth-century Italian studies with several works on English figures of the same period. First <The life of John Bright> appeared and seven years later <Lord Grey of the Reform Bill>. Of the two, the life of Bright is incomparably the better biography. Trevelyan centers too exclusively on Bright, is insufficiently appreciative of the views of Bright's opponents and critics, and makes light of the genuine difficulties faced by Peel. Yet he is right when he claims in his autobiography that he drew the real features of the man, his tender and selfless motives and his rugged fearless strength. In the story of Bright and the Corn Law agitation, the Crimean War, the American Civil War, and the franchise struggle Trevelyan reflects something of the moral power which enabled this independent man to exercise so immense an influence over his fellow countrymen for so long. Because Bright's speeches were so much a part of him, there are long and numerous quotations, which, far from making the biography diffuse, help to give us the feel of the man. Associated in a sense with the Manchester School through his mother's family, Trevelyan conveys in this biography something of its moral conviction and drive. Nineteenth-century virtues, however, seem somehow to have gone out of fashion and the Bright book has never been particularly popular.

The biography of Lord Grey is strictly speaking not a biography at all. It is a Whig history of the "Tory reaction" which preceded the Reform Bill of 1832, and it uses the figure of Grey to give some unity to the narrative. The volume is a piece of passionate special pleading, written with the heat- and often with the wisdom, it must be said- of a Liberal damning the shortsightedness of politicians from 1782 to 1832. Characteristically, Trevelyan enjoyed writing the work. The theme of glorious summer coming after a long winter of discontent and repression was, he has told us, congenial to his artistic sense. And Grey's Northumberland background was close to Trevelyan's own. But his concentration on personalities and his categorical assessment of their actions fail to convey the political complexities of a long generation harassed by world-wide war and confronted with the problem of adjustment to an unprecedented industrial and social transformation. Some historians have found his point of view not to their taste, others have complained that he makes the Tory tradition appear "contemptible rather than intelligible", while a sympathetic critic has remarked that the "intricate interplay of social dynamics and political activity of which, at times, politicians are the ignorant marionettes is not a field for the exercise of his talents". The Liberal-Radical heritage which informs all of Trevelyan's interpretations of history here seems clearly to have distorted the issues and oversimplified the period. For once his touch deserted him.

Research in the period of Grey and Bright led naturally to a more ambitious work. <Britain in the nineteenth century> is a textbook designed "to give the sense of continuous growth, to show how economic led to social, and social to political change, how the political events reacted on the economic and social, and how new thoughts and new ideals accompanied or directed the whole complicated process". The plan is admirably fulfilled for the period up to 1832. More temperately than in the study of Grey and despite his Liberal bias, Trevelyan vividly sketches the England of pre-French Revolution days, portrays the stresses and strains of the revolutionary period in rich colors, and brings developments leading to the Reform Bill into sharp and clear focus. His technique is genuinely masterful. By what one reader called a "series of dissolving views", he merges one period into another and gives a sense of continuous growth.   
But after 1832, the narrative tends to lose its balanced, many-sided quality and to become a medley of topics, often unconnected by any single thread. Economic analysis was never Trevelyan's strong point and the England of the industrial transformation cries out for economic analysis. Yet after 1832, the interrelations of economic and social and political affairs become blurred and the narrative becomes largely a conventional political account. Finally, the period after 1870 receives little attention and that quite superficial. Yet <Britain in the nineteenth century> became the <vade mecum> of beginning students of history, went through edition after edition, and continues to be reprinted up to the very present. Its success is a tribute, above all, to Trevelyan's brilliance as a literary stylist.   
In 1924 Trevelyan traveled to the United States, where he delivered the Lowell lectures at Harvard University. These lectures formed the nucleus of a general survey of English development which took form afterward as a <History of England>. In short order, the general history became his most popular work and has remained, aside from his later <Social history>, the work most widely favored by the public.   
The <History of England> has often been compared with Green's <Short history>. Like Green, Trevelyan aimed to write a history not of "English kings or English conquests", but of the English people. The result was fortunate. The <History> takes too much for granted to serve as a text for other than English schoolboys, and like <Britain in the nineteenth century> it deteriorates badly as it goes beyond 1870. Trevelyan's excursions into contemporary history were rarely happy ones. But as a stimulating, provocative interpretation of the broad sweep of English development it is incomparable. Living pictures of the early boroughs, country life in Tudor and Stuart times, the impact of the industrial revolution compete with sensitive surveys of language and literature, the common law, parliamentary development. The strength of the <History> is also its weakness. Trevelyan is militantly sure of the superiority of English institutions and character over those of other peoples. His nationalism was not a new characteristic, but its self-consciousness, even its self-satisfaction, is more obvious in a book that stretches over the long reach of English history. And yet the elements which capture his liberal and humanistic imagination are those which make the English story worth telling and worth remembering. Tolerance and compromise, social justice and civil liberty, are today too often in short supply for one to be overly critical of Trevelyan's emphasis on their central place in the English tradition. Like most major works of synthesis, the <History of England> is informed by the positive views of a first-class mind, and this is surely a major work.

Four years after the publication of the <History of England>, the first volume of Trevelyan's Queen Anne trilogy appeared. By now he had become Regius Professor of Modern History at Cambridge and had been honored by the award of the Order of Merit. His academic duties had little evident effect on his prolific pen. <Blenheim> was followed in rapid succession by <Ramillies and the union with Scotland> and by <The peace and the Protestant succession>, the three forming together a detailed picture of <England under Queen Anne>. Like his volume on Wycliffe, the work was accompanied by the publication of a selected group of documents, in this case illustrative of the history of Queen Anne's reign down to 1707.   
Trevelyan was at least in part attracted to the period by an almost unconscious desire to take up the story where Macaulay's <History of England> had broken off. In addition, he believed in the "dramatic unity and separateness of the period from 1702-14, lying between the Stuart and Hanoverian eras with a special ethos of its own". He saw the age as one in which Britain "settled her free constitution" and attained her modern place in the world. To most observers, there is little doubt that he placed an artificial strait jacket of unity upon the years of Anne's reign which in reality existed only in the pages of his history.   
Of the three volumes, <Blenheim> is easily the best. In four opening chapters reminiscent of Macaulay's famous third chapter, Trevelyan surveys the state of England at the opening of the eighteenth century. His delightful picture of society and institutions is filled with warm detail that brings the period vividly to life. He tends to underestimate- or perhaps to view charitably- the brutality and the violence of the age, so that there is an idyllic quality in these pages which hazes over some of its sharp reality. Yet as an evocation of time past, there are few such successful portraits in English historical literature. Once the scene is set, Trevelyan skilfully builds up the tense story until it reaches its climax in the dramatic victory of Marlborough and Eugene of Savoy at Blenheim. The account of the battle is, next to his descriptions of Garibaldi's campaigns, Trevelyan's outstanding military narrative. The scene is etched in sharp detail, the military problems brilliantly explained, and the excitement and importance of the battle made evident. If only for this modest masterpiece of military history, <Blenheim> is likely to be read and reread long after newer interpretations have perhaps altered our picture of the Marlborough wars.   
<Ramillies and the union with Scotland> has fewer high spots than <Blenheim> and much less of its dramatic unity. Yet in several chapters on Scotland in the eighteenth century, Trevelyan copes persuasively with the tangled confusion of Scottish politics against a vivid background of Scottish religion, customs, and traditions.

I stood on a table, surrounded by hundreds of expectant young faces. Questions came to me from all sides about my world citizenship activities. After making a short statement about human rights, and the freedom to travel, I told them I would be going to the Kehl bridge the next morning in order to cross the Rhine into Germany. "May we come with you"? called out a dozen young voices.

"Well, I might not get that far", I told them, "as actually I have no papers to enter Germany and, as a matter of fact, no permit to return to France once I leave".   
That was all they needed. They would champion me. We would all meet at ten o'clock at the Kehl bridge, five miles from Strasbourg, and march triumphantly across into Germany.   
There was only one hitch: the small town of Kehl, on the other side of the Rhine, was still under French jurisdiction. The real Franco-German frontier was beyond the town's limits. In fact, all persons were permitted to cross the Rhine into Kehl, there being no sentry posted on the west side of the river.

That evening, as I learned later, the students, enjoying that spontaneous immodesty in action known only to university students, surged out onto the streets of Strasbourg, overturning empty streetcars, marking up store fronts, and shouting imprudently, "Garry Davis to power"!   As I got off the trolley at Kehl bridge the next morning, I was met by what looked like 5,000 students, some of whom were carrying sticks apparently for the coming "battle" with the police. Alarmed by this display of weapons, I looked toward the bridge and there saw, stretched across the near side, a cordon of policemen, their bicycles forming a roadblock before which stood several French officers in uniform and a small waspish man in a brown derby.

"Listen please", I called to the students in French. "I thank you most heartily for being here. This is full evidence of your support for my principles. These principles, however, will not be served by violence in any form. If they are right, they will prevail of and by themselves. I ask you all to support me in this. If one finger is raised against the authorities, all our moral power will vanish. Your self-control in this respect will be the only witness to your understanding of what I am saying. I have full confidence in you. Now, let's go".   
I marched up to the waiting officials, the students massed behind me. As usual, the press photographers were on hand. The waspish man stopped me three paces from the bicycle barricade, and asked me in French if I had papers to leave France. I replied in the affirmative, taking out my recently acquired <titre d'identite et de voyage>, on which was stamped a permission to leave Fran e. He examined it carefully, handed it back and said, "<Eh bien>, you may leave France".   
I took one step **h eastward.

One of the uniformed officers stepped in my way, demanding to know whether I had permission to enter Germany.   
"No, I have no permission to enter Germany", I told him.   
"<Alors>, you may go no farther", he said imperiously.   
"Is this then the frontier"? I asked him.   
"Yes".   
At this, the students let out a yell, knowing full well the actual frontier was beyond the town of Kehl.   
"But I have no permission to re-enter France, and I have just left", I told him. "I must then be standing on the line between France and Germany".   
The waspish man stepped forward. "Line? Line? But there is no line between France and Germany, that is, no actual <line> **h I mean **h"   "No line"? I asked. "But if there is no line, how can there be two countries? You have just given me permission to leave France, which I did. I have witnesses. And as you know, I have no permission to re-enter France once out. Now I learn I cannot enter Germany. Obviously I'm stuck on the line between the two countries".   
The students were laughing uproariously at this piece of logic, and even the policemen were trying hard not to smile.

"<Mais non>", the Interior Ministry man coaxed, "you may come back to Strasbourg, now, if you wish".   
"Oh? Then will you give me a visa to re-enter France"?   "Visa? But there is no question of a visa. You are still in France".

"Ah, then please tell me where the frontier is because this gentleman here"- I indicated the French occupation officer- "informs me that Germany is just on the other side of him". The Interior man looked uneasily at his French compatriot. From the crowd were coming cries of "He's right"! "There must be a line"! and "Bravo, Garry, continue"!   Seeing their hesitation, I said, "Well, until I have permission to enter Germany, or a visa to re-enter France, I shall be obliged to remain here **h on the line between two countries", whereupon I moved to the side of the road, parked my backpack against the small guardhouse on the sidewalk, sat down, took out my typewriter, and began typing the above conversation.   
The reporters were questioning the Interior man and the French officer, both of whom remained noncommittal as to what action, if any, would be taken in my regard. Finally they went off to file their stories, after the photographers had taken pictures of my latest vigil. The students crowded around asking questions, slapping me on the back, and generally being friendly.   
"But what will you do this evening, Mr& Davis"? asked a young mustached Frenchman. "It will be very cold".   
"I don't know", I told him, "except that I will be here".   
"I shall see about getting you a tent", he said. "I have a small sports shop in Strasbourg".   
That would be a great help, I told him, thanking him for his thoughtfulness. A special guard was posted at my end of the bridge to make sure I didn't cross, the ludicrousness of the situation being revealed fully in that everyone else- men, women, and children, dogs, cats, horses, cars, trucks, baby carriages- could cross Kehl bridge into Kehl without surveillance.   
The day passed eventfully enough, with a constant stream of visitors, some stopping only to say hello, others getting into serious conversations, such as one Andre Fuchs, a free-lance journalist from Strasbourg who wrote an article for the <Nouvelle Alsatian> in highly sympathetic terms. Some students from the University returned around six with a large pot containing enough hot soup to last me a week. A volunteer food brigade had been arranged, they told me, which would supply me with the necessities as long as I remained at the bridge. A little later, the sports shop man returned with a small pup tent. One of the girl students, sitting by while I ate the thick soup, asked me if I had a sleeping bag. When I informed her that I didn't, she said she would borrow her brother's and bring it to me later that evening.

"You do not know me", she said in good English, "but my mother was your governess in Philadelphia when you were a child". Her name was Esther Peter. I was delighted to make that personal contact in such trying and unusual circumstances. The Peter family proved wonderful and helpful friends in the following days, Mrs& Peter, little Esther, and Raoul, who generously lent me his sleeping bag for my "Watch on the Rhine".   
Sighting a line from the bridge to a small field directly to the side, I pitched the tent that evening on the stateless "line", digging a small trench around it as best I could with a toy spade donated by a neighborhood child. The wind from the Rhine was damp and chill, necessitating a fire for warmth. After scouring around a bit in the open area, I came across what proved to be tar-soaked logs which crackled and burned brightly, giving off vast rolls of smoke into the ashen sky.   
Each evening the students appeared with the soup kettle and several <petits pains>, Esther usually being among them. I had advised friends to write me to "No Man's Land, Pont Kehl, Between Strasbourg and Kehl, France-Germany". Sure enough, mail began trickling in, delivered by a talkative, highly amused French postman who informed me there had been quite a debate at the post office as to whether that address would be recognized.   
On Christmas Eve, students brought out two small Christmas trees which I placed on either side of the tent. As the field on which my tent was pitched was a favorite natural playground for the kids of the neighborhood, I had made many friends among them, taking part in their after-school games and trying desperately to translate Grimm's Fairy Tales into an understandable French as we gathered around the fire in front of the tent. To my great surprise and delight, when they saw the two trees they went rushing off, returning shortly with decorations from their own trees.

It was a merry if somewhat soggy Christmas for me that year. ##

In the mail were invitations to speak at the universities of Cologne, Heidelberg, and Baden-Baden. Twenty thousand world citizens at Stuttgart had signed a petition inviting me to visit their town. When Dr& Adenauer was approached by a world citizen delegation to find out his disposition of my case, he gave them his personal approval of my entry, saying that all men advocating peace should be welcomed into Germany. The special guard, however, was still posted on Kehl bridge.

As it began raining at around eight o'clock on December 26th, I retired into my tent early, somewhat tired and discouraged, my body reacting sluggishly because of the continued exposure. No matter how large the fire, I couldn't seem to shake off the chill that day.   
"Oh, Mr& Davis, are you there"? a voice drifted in to me above the patter of the rain shortly after I had fallen into a fitful sleep.   
"Who is it"?   "We're from the Council of Europe, British delegation. May we have a word with you"?   "I'm sorry. I've had a trying day and I just can't make it out again", I told them.   
I heard nothing more. Later I learned that Sir Hugh Dalton had expressed a desire to see me, hence their trip to "No Man's Land".   
On the evening of December 27th, Esther noticed my pallid look and rasping voice. She entreated me to see a doctor, and when I refused, brought one out to see me. He advised immediate hospitalization. I wouldn't hear of it because it meant giving up the "line", though I realized I was in poor shape physically. Esther, mistaking my hesitation, assured me that the hospital expense would be taken care of by a leading merchant in Strasbourg whom she had already approached.

"No, it's not that", I told her. "You see, once I relinquish the position I've already established here, I couldn't regain it without sacrificing the logic of it".   
At that moment, up walked a tall young man with glasses who announced himself as a world citizen from Basel, Switzerland. Without preliminaries, Esther asked him, "If you are a world citizen, will you take Garry Davis' place in his tent while he goes to the hospital"?   "But of course, with pleasure", he replied.   
Esther looked at me. I looked from her to him.   
"What is your name"? I asked him.   
"Jean Babel".   
"Shake", I said. "You have just enlisted for the 'Rhine Campaign'".   
Esther jumped up, ran to him and gave him a little hug.   
"I am so happy. Now come, Garry, we must go quickly. There is a police car outside. Maybe they will take us".   
Such were the incongruities of the situation that the very police assigned to check up on me were drafted into driving me to the Strasbourg Hospital while World Citizen Jean Babel waved adieu from the "Line"! He remembered every detail of his pre-assault movements but nothing of the final, desperate rush to come to grips with the enemy. When the victory cheer went up this officer found himself still mounted, with his horse pressed broadside against Cleburne's log parapet in a tangled group of infantrymen. His hat was gone, the tears were streaming from his eyes. He never knew how he got there. Six climactic minutes in an individual's life left no memory.   
Eight hundred and sixty-five Rebels surrendered within their works and a thousand more were captured or surrendered themselves that night and the next day. Eight field guns were captured in position. Seven battle flags and fourteen officers' swords were sent to Thomas' headquarters. It was the only sizable assault upon infantry and artillery behind breastworks successfully made by either side during the Atlanta campaign. The Fourteenth Regiment of Ohio Volunteers lost one-third of its numbers within a few minutes, among them being several men whose time of service had expired but who had volunteered to advance with their regiment. The Thirty-eighth Regiment of Ohio Volunteers, one of the regiments in Thomas' First Division during Buell's command, suffered its greatest loss of the war in this action.   
A popular belief grew up after the war that the only time during the Civil War that Thomas ever put his horse to a gallop was when he went to hurry up Stanley for this assault. Sherman was responsible for the story when he said in his memoirs that this was the only time he could recall seeing Thomas ride so fast. While Thomas' injured back led him to restrain his mount from its most violent gait he moved quickly enough when he had to. It is not in the record, but he must have galloped his horse at Peach Tree Creek when he brought up Ward's guns to save Newton's crumbling line.   
While the final combat of the campaign was being worked out at Jonesborough, Thomas, on Sherman's instructions, ordered Slocum, now commanding the Twentieth Corps, to make an effort to occupy Atlanta if he could do so without exposing his bridgehead to a counterattack. The dispatch must have been sent after sundown on September 1. Slocum made his reconnaissanace the next morning, found the town empty, accepted the surrender of the mayor and occupied the city a little before noon.   
On the morning of September 2 the Fourth Corps and the Armies of the Tennessee and the Ohio followed the line of Hardee's retreat. About noon they came up with the enemy two miles from Lovejoy's Station and deployed. The Fourth Corps assaulted and carried a small portion of the enemy works but could not hold possession of the gain for want of cooperation from the balance of the line. That night a note written in Slocum's hand and dated from inside the captured city came to Sherman stating that the Twentieth Corps was in possession of Atlanta. Before making the news public Sherman sent an officer with the note to Thomas. In a short time the officer returned and Thomas followed on his heels. The cautious Thomas re-examined the note and then, making up his mind that it was genuine, snapped his fingers, whistled and almost danced in his exuberance.   
The next day Sherman issued his orders ending the campaign and pulled his armies back to Atlanta. The measure of combat efficiency in an indecisive campaign is a matter of personal choice. Sherman laid great store by place captures. Hood refused to notice anything except captured guns and colors. By both standards Thomas had the right to be proud.   
Thomas thanked his men for their tenacity of purpose, unmurmuring endurance, cheerful obedience, brilliant heroism and high qualities in battle. Sherman felt that his own part in the campaign was skillful and well executed but that the slowness of a part of his army robbed him of the larger fruits of victory. He supposed the military world would approve of his accomplishment.   
Whatever the military world thought, the political world approved it wholeheartedly. For some time, despondency in some Northern quarters had been displayed in two ways- an eagerness for peace and a dissatisfaction with Lincoln. Proposals were in the air for a year's armistice. Lincoln was sure that he would not be re-elected. In the midst of this gloom, at 10:05 P&M& on September 2, Slocum's telegram to Stanton, "General Sherman has taken Atlanta", shattered the talk of a negotiated peace and boosted Lincoln into the White House. To the Republicans no victory could have been more complete.   
Official congratulations showered upon Sherman and his army. Lincoln mentioned their distinguished ability, courage and perseverance. He felt that this campaign would be famous in the annals of war. Grant called it prompt, skillful and brilliant. Halleck described it as the most brilliant of the war.

Actually the Atlanta campaign was a military failure. Next best to destroying an army is to deprive it of its freedom of action. Sherman had accomplished this much of his job and then inexplicably nullified it by his thirty-mile retreat from Lovejoy's to Atlanta. But, so far as its territorial objectives were concerned, the campaign was successful. Within the narrow frame of military tactics, too, the experts agree that the campaign was brilliant. In seventeen weeks the military front was driven southward more than 100 miles. There was a battle on an average of once every three weeks. The skirmishing was almost constant. In the summary of the principal events of the campaign compiled from the official records there are only ten days which show no fighting. The casualties in the Army of the Cumberland were 22,807, while for all three armies they were 37,081. Men were killed in their camps, at their meals and in their sleep. Rifle fire often kept the opposing gunners from manning their pieces. Modern warfare was born in this campaign- periscopes, camouflage, booby traps, land mines, extended order, trench raids, foxholes, armored cars, night attacks, flares, sharpshooters in trees, interlaced vines and treetops, which were the forerunners of barbed wire, trip wires to thwart a cavalry charge, which presaged the mine trap, and the general use of anesthetics. The use of map coordinates was begun when the senior officers began to select tactical points by designating a spot as "near the letter ~o in the word mountain". A few weeks later the maps were being divided into squares and a position was described as being "about lots 239, 247 and 272 with pickets forward as far as 196". This system was dependent upon identical maps and Thomas supplied them from a mobile lithograph press. Orders of the day began to specify the standard map for the movement.   
Sherman proved that a railway base could be movable and the most brilliant feature of the Atlanta campaign was the rapid repair of the tracks. To the Rebels it seemed as if Sherman carried tunnels and bridges in his pockets. The whistle of Sherman's locomotives often drowned out the rattle of the skirmish fire. As always, the ranks worked out new and better tactics, but there was brilliance in the way the field commands adopted these methods and in the way the army commanders incorporated them into their military thinking. The fossilized, formalized, precedent-based thinking of the legendary military brain was not evident in Sherman's armies. Sherman could never be accused of sticking too long with the old.

One of Sherman's most serious shortcomings, however, was his mistrust of his cavalry. He never saw that it was a complement to his infantry and not a substitute for it. Then, in some way, this lack of faith in the cavalry became mixed up in his mind with the dragging effect of wagon trains and was hardened into a prejudice. A horse needed twenty pounds of food a day but the infantryman got along with two pounds. The horseman required eleven times more than the footman. So Sherman tried a compromise. He would ship by rail five pounds per day per animal and the other fifteen pounds that were needed could be picked up off the country. It failed to work. Already debilitated by the Chattanooga starvation, the quality of Sherman's horseflesh ran downhill as the campaign progressed. Every recorded request by Thomas for a delay in a flank movement or an advance was to gain time to take care of his horses.   
Well led, properly organized cavalry, in its complementary role to infantry, had four functions. First, it could locate the enemy infantry, learn what they were doing, and hold them until the heavy foot columns could come up and take over. Second, it could screen its own infantry from the sight of the enemy. Third, it could threaten at all times, and destroy when possible, the enemy communications. It could reach key tactical points faster than infantry and destroy them or hold them as the case might be for the foot soldier. Its climactic role was to pursue and demoralize a defeated enemy but this chance never came in the Atlanta campaign. Thomas tried hard to have his cavalry ready for the test it was to meet, but his plans were wrecked when it was forced into a campaign without optimum mobility and with its commander stripped from it.   
Sherman knew the uses of cavalry as well as Thomas but he imagined a moving base with infantry wings instead of cavalry wings. His conception proved workable but slower and it enabled his enemy to make clean, deft, well organized retreats with small materiel losses. Sherman insisted that cavalry could not successfully break up hostile railways, yet Garrard's Covington raid and Rousseau's Opelika raid cut two-thirds of the rail lines he had to break and Sherman lived in mortal fear of what Forrest might do to his communications.   
When McPherson pushed blindly through Snake Creek Gap in a potentially decisive movement, the only cavalry in his van was the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, totally inadequate for its role. It stumbled on infantry where no infantry should have been and McPherson's aggressive impulse faded out, overwhelmed by fears of the unknown. A proper cavalry command in his front would have developed the fact that he had run into one division of Polk's Army of the Mississippi moving up from the direction of Mobile to join Johnston at Dalton. From the night of August 30 to the morning of September 2 there was no Union cavalry east of the Macon railway to disclose to Sherman that he was missing the greatest opportunity of his career. A great part of the time, Thomas' infantry never knew the location of the enemy line. At such times Thomas wondered when and where a counterattack would strike him. It was the hard way to fight a war but Thomas did it without making any disastrous mistakes.   
Heat during the Atlanta campaign, coupled with unsuitable clothing, caused individual irritation that was compounded by a lack of opportunity to bathe and shift into clean clothing. To relieve the itch and sweat galls, the men got into the water whenever they could and since each sizable stream was generally the dividing line between the armies the pickets declared a private truce while the men went swimming. Johnston believed that Sherman put his naked engineers into the swimming parties to locate the various fords. Lieutenant Colonel James P& Brownlow, who commanded the First Brigade of Thomas' First Cavalry Division, was ordered across one of these fords. The water was deep and Brownlow took his troopers across naked- except for guns, cartridge boxes and hats. They kicked their horses through the deep water with their bare heels, drove the Rebels out of their rifle pits and captured four men. Most of the Rebels got away since they could make better time through the stiff brush than their naked pursuers.   
Rank was becoming an explosive issue in all three of Sherman's armies. Merited recommendations from army commanders were passed over in favor of political appointees from civil life.

In one of the very few letters in which he ever complained of Meynell, Thompson told Patmore of his distress at having had to leave London before this new friendship had developed further: "

That was a very absurd and annoying situation in which I was placed by W& M&'s curious methods of handling me. He never let me know that my visit was about to terminate until the actual morning I was to leave for Lymington. The result was that I found myself in the ridiculous position of having made a formal engagement by letter for the next week, only two days before my departure from London. Luckily both women knew my position and if anyone suffered in their opinion it was not I". It need hardly be remarked that Thompson was not generally known for his scrupulosity about keeping his social engagements, which makes his irritation in this letter all the more significant.

When Thompson and her daughter began a correspondence which included fervent verses from Pantasaph, Mrs& King felt a proper Victorian alarm. Some, she knew, looked upon Thompson almost as a saint, but others read in "The Hound of Heaven" what they took to be the confessions of a great sinner, who, like Oscar Wilde, had- as one pious writer later put it- thrown himself "on the swelling wave of every passion".   
Consequently, on October 31, 1896, Mrs& King wrote to Thompson, quite against her daughter's wishes, asking him not to "recommence a correspondence which I believe has been dropped for some weeks". Katherine was staying at a convent, and her mother felt that, as Thompson himself seems to have suggested, she might eventually stay there. This prospect did not please Mrs& King any more than did the possibility that her daughter might marry a Bohemian, but she used it to suggest to Thompson that, "It is not in her nature to love you".   
For his part, Thompson had explained in a previous letter that there would be nothing but an honorable friendship between Katie and himself. At no time does he seem to have proposed marriage, and Mrs& King was evidently torn between a concern for her daughter's emotions and the desire to believe that the friendship might be continued without harm to her reputation. In any case, she told Thompson that she saw no reason why he might not see Katie again, "now that this frank explanation has been made + no one can misunderstand". She ended her letter with the assurance that she considered his friendship for her daughter and herself to be an honor, from which she could not part "without still more pain".

After Thompson came to London to live, he received a letter from Katie, which was dated February 8, 1897. She regretted what she described as the "unwarrantable + unnecessary" check to their friendship and said that she felt that they understood one another perfectly. This letter concluded with an invitation: "  I am a great deal at the little children's Hospital. Mr& Meynell knows the way. I know you are very busy now, you are writing a great deal + your book is coming out, isn't it? but if you are able + care to come, you know how glad I shall be.   
Ever yours sincerely,

Katherine Douglas King" The invitation was accepted and other letters followed, in which she spoke of her concern for his health and her delight in seeing him so much at home among the crippled children she served. It is difficult to say what Thompson expected would come of their relationship, which had begun so soon after his emotions had been stirred by Maggie Brien, but when Katie wrote on April 11, 1900, to tell him that she was to be married to the Rev& Godfrey Burr, the vicar of Rushall in Staffordshire, the news evidently helped to deepen his discouragement over the failure of his hopes for a new volume of verse. In a letter to Meynell, which was written in June, less than a month before Katie's wedding, he was highly melodramatic in his despair and once again announced his intention of returning to the life of the streets: "  A week in arrears, and without means to pay, I must go, it is the only right thing. **h Perhaps Mrs& Meynell would do me the undeserved kindness to keep my own copy of the first edition of my first book, with all its mementos of her and the dear ones. **h Last, not least, there are some poems which K& King sent me (addressed to herself) when I was preparing a fresh volume, asking me to include them. The terrible blow of the New Year put an end to that project. I wish you would return them to her. I have not the heart. **h I never had the courage to look at them, when my projected volume became hopeless, fearing they were poor, until now when I was obliged to do so. **h O my genius, young and <ripening,> you would swear,- when I wrote them; and now! What has it all come to? All chance of fulfilling my destiny is over. **h I want you to be grandfather to these orphaned poems, dear father-brother, now I am gone; and launch them on the world when their time comes. For them a box will be lodgment enough. **h Katie cannot mind your seeing them now; since my silence must have ended when I gave the purposed volume to you. **h I ask you to do me the last favour of reading them by 8 to-morrow evening, about which time I shall come to say my sad good-bye. If you don't think much of them, tell me the wholesome truth. If otherwise, you will give me a pleasure. O Wilfrid! it is strange; but this- yes, <terrible> step I am about to take **h is lightened with an inundating joy by the new-found hope that here, in these poems, is treasure- or at least some measure of beauty, which I did not know of". **h Thompson, of course, was persuaded not to take the <"terrible> step"; Meynell once again paid his debts and it was Katie, rather than Thompson, whose life was soon ended, for she died in childbirth in April, 1901, in the first year of her marriage.   
The "orphaned poems" mentioned in the letter to Meynell comprised a group of five sonnets, which were published in the 1913 edition of Thompson's works under the heading "Ad Amicam", plus certain other completed pieces and rough drafts gathered together in one of the familiar exercise books. The publication of Father Connolly's <The Man Has Wings> has made more of the group available in print so that a general picture of what it contained can now be had without difficulty. Some of the poems express a mood of joy in a newly discovered love; others suggest its coming loss or describe the poet's feelings when he learns of a final separation.   
The somewhat Petrarchan love story which these poems suggest cannot obscure the fact that undoubtedly they have more than a little of autobiographical sincerity. When they were first written, there was evidently no thought of their being published, and those which refer to the writer's love for Mrs& Meynell particularly have the ring of truth. In "My Song's Young Virgin Date", for example, Thompson wrote: "Yea, she that had my song's young virgin date Not now, alas, that noble singular she, I nobler hold, though marred from her once state, Than others in their best integrity. My own stern hand has rent the ancient bond, And thereof shall the ending not have end: But not for me, that loved her, to be fond Lightly to please me with a newer friend. Then hold it more than bravest-feathered song, That I affirm to thee, with heart of pride, I knew not what did to a friend belong Till I stood up, true friend, by thy true side; Whose absence dearer comfort is, by far, Than presences of other women are"!   Taking into account Thompson's capacity for self-dramatization and the possibility of a wish to identify his own life with the misfortunes of other poets who had known unhappy loves, there can be no doubt about his genuine emotion for Katie King. That she was affected by his protestations seems obvious, but since she was evidently a sensible young woman- as well as an outgoing and sympathetic type- it would seem that for her the word <friendship> had a far less intense emotional significance than that which Thompson gave it. From the outset, she must have realized that marriage with him was out of the question, and although she was displeased by the "unwarrantable" interference, it seems probable that she did agree with her mother's suggestion that the poet was "perhaps" a man "most fitted to live + die solitary, + in the love only of the Highest Lover".   
The poems which were addressed to her, while they are far more restrained than those of "Love in Dian's Lap", show no great technical advance over those of the "Narrow Vessel" group and are, if anything, somewhat more labored. Their interest remains chiefly biographical, for they throw some light on the utter despair which overtook Thompson in the spring and early summer of 1900.   
Whether or not Danchin is correct in suggesting that Thompson's resumption of the opium habit also dates from this period is, of course, a matter of conjecture. Reid simply states, without offering any supporting evidence, that "after he returned to London, he resumed his draughts of laudanum, and continued this right up to his death". There is every reason to recognize that in the very last years of his life, as we shall see, Thompson did take the drug in carefully rationed doses to ease the pains of his illness, but the exact date at which this began has never been determined. If, as Reid says, "nearly all his poetry was produced when he was not taking opium", there may be some reason to doubt that he was under its influence in the period from 1896 to 1900 when he was writing the poems to Katie King and making plans for another book of verse. In any event, the critical productivity of that time is abundant proof that if he was taking laudanum, it was never in command of him to the extent that it had been during his vagrant years.   
Meynell's remedy for Thompson's despondent mood was typically practical. He simply found more work for him to do, and the articles and reviews continued without an evident break. #@ /3, @#

As a reviewer, Thompson generally displayed a judicious attitude. That he read some of the books assigned to him with a studied carefulness is evident from his notes, which are often so full that they provide an unquestionable basis for the identification of reviews that were printed without his signature. On the basis of this careful reading, Thompson frequently gave a clear, complete, and interesting description of a prose work or chose effective quotations to illustrate his discussions of poetry.

He was seldom an unmethodical critic, and his reviews generally followed a systematic pattern: a description of what the work contained, a treatment of the things that had especially interested him in it, and, wherever possible, a balancing of whatever artistic merits and faults he might have found.   
It was, of course, in this drawing of the balance sheet of judgment that he most clearly displayed his desire to do full justice to an author. Reviewing Davidson's <The Testament of an Empire Builder,> for example, Thompson found that there was "too much metrical dialectic". Poetry, he said, must be "dogmatic": it must not stoop to argue like a "K&C& in cloth-of-gold". Yet Davidson impressed him as a poet capable of "sustained power, passion, or beauty", and he cited specific passages to illustrate not only these qualities but Davidson's command of imagery as well. Similarly, he wrote that Laurence Housman had a "too deliberate manner" as well as a lack of "inevitable felicity in diction". But he admired Housman's "subtle intellectuality" and delighted in the inversion by which Divine Love becomes the most "fatal" allurement in "Love the Tempter".   
Of course, there were books about which nothing good could be said. Understanding, as he did, the difficulty of the art of poetry, and believing that the "only technical criticism worth having in poetry is that of poets", he felt obliged to insist upon his duty to be hard to please when it came to the review of a book of verse.

As he had done on his first Imperial sortie a year and a half before, Lewis trekked southeast through Red Russia to Kamieniec. Thence he pushed farther south than he had ever been before into Podolia and Nogay Tartary or the Yedisan. There, along the east bank of the Southern Bug, opposite the hamlet of Zhitzhakli a few miles north of the Black Sea, he arrived at General Headquarters of the Russian Army. By June 19, 1788, he had presented himself to its Commander in Chief, the Governor of the Southern Provinces, the Director of the War College- The Prince. ##

Catherine's first war against the Grand Turk had ended in 1774 with a peace treaty quite favorable to her. By 1783 her legions had managed to annex the Crimea amid scenes of wanton cruelty and now, in this second combat with the Crescent, were aiming at suzerainty over all of the Black Sea's northern shoreline.   
Through most of 1787 operations on both sides had been lackadaisical; those of 1788 were going to prove decisive, though many of their details are obscure. To consolidate what her Navy had won, the Czarina was fortunate that, for the first time in Russian history, her land forces enjoyed absolute unity of command under her favorite Giaour. Potemkin was directing this conflict on three fronts: in the Caucasus; along the Danube and among the Carpathians, in alliance with the Emperor Joseph's armies; and in the misty marshlands and shallow coastal waters of Nogay Tartary and Taurida, including the Crimean peninsula. Here the war would flame to its focus, and here Lewis Littlepage had come.   
Potemkin's Army of Ekaterinoslav, totaling, it was claimed, 40,000 regular troops and 6,000 irregulars of the Cossack Corps, had invested Islam's principal stronghold on the north shore of the Black Sea, the fortress town of Oczakov, and was preparing to test the Turk by land and sea. During a sojourn of slightly more than three months Chamberlain Littlepage sould see action on both elements.   
As his second in command The Prince had Marshal Repnin, one-time Ambassador to Poland. Repnin, who had a rather narrow face, longish nose, high forehead, and arching brows, looked like a quizzical Mephistopheles. Some people thought he lacked both ability and character, but most agreed that he was noble in appearance and, for a Russian, humane. The Marshal came to know Littlepage quite well. At General Headquarters the newcomer in turn got to know others. There was the Neapolitan, Ribas, a capable conniver whose father had been a blacksmith but who had fawned his way up the ladder of Catherine's and Potemkin's favor till he was now a brigadier (and would one day be the daggerman designated to do in Czar Paul /1,, after traveling all the way to Naples to procure just the right stiletto).   
Then there were the distinguished foreign volunteers. Representing the Emperor were the Prince de Ligne, still as impetuous as a youth of twenty; and General the Count Pallavicini, founder of the Austrian branch of that celebrated Italian house, a courtier Littlepage could have met at Madrid in December, 1780. From Milan came the young Chevalier de Litta, an officer in the service of Malta. Out of Saxony rode the Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg, one of the Czarina's cousins and a lieutenant general in her armies, a frank, sensitive, popular soldier whose kindnesses Littlepage would "always recall with the sincerest gratitude".   
Though Catherine was vexed at the number of French officers streaming to the Turkish standard, there were several under her own, such as the Prince de Nassau; the energetic Parisian, Roger de Damas, three year's Littlepage's junior, to whom Nassau had taken a liking; and the artillerist, Colonel Prevost, whom the Count de Segur had persuaded to lend his technical skills to Nassau. England contributed a young subaltern named Newton and the naval architect Samuel Bentham, brother to the economist, who far his colonel's commission was proving a godsend to the Russian fleet. From America were the Messrs& Littlepage and Jones. Lewis had expected to report at once to Jones's and Nassau's naval command post. On arrival at headquarters he had, however- in King Stanislas' words to Glayre- "found such favor with ~Pe Potemkin that he made him his aide-de-camp and up to now does not want him to go join Paul Jones **h". So of course he stayed put. Having done so, he began to experience all the frustrations of others who attempted to get along with Serenissimus and do a job at the same time.   
The Prince's perceptions were quick and his energy monstrous, but these qualities were sapped by an Oriental lethargy and a policy of letting nothing interfere with personal passions. At headquarters- sufficiently far from the firing line to make you forget occasionally that you were in a war- Lewis found that the Commander in Chief's only desk was his knees (and his only comb, his fingers). An entire theater had been set up for his diversion, with a 200-man Italian orchestra under the well-known Sarti. In the great one's personal quarters, a portable house, almost every evening saw an elegant banquet or reception. Lewis could let his eye caress The Prince's divan, covered with a rose-pink and silver Turkish cloth, or admire the lovely tapis, interwoven with gold, that spread across the floor. Filigreed perfume boxes exuded the aromas of Araby. Around the billiard tables were always at least a couple of dozen beribboned generals. At dinner the courses were carried in by tall cuirassiers in red capes and black fur caps topped with tufts of feathers, marching in pairs like guards from a stage tragedy.   
Among the visitors arriving every now and then there were, of course, women. For if Serenissimus made the sign of the Cross with his right hand, and meant it, with his left he beckoned lewdly to any lady who happened to catch his eye. Usually Lewis would find at headquarters one or more of The Prince's various nieces.   
Right now he found Sophie de Witt, that magnificent young matron he had spotted at Kamieniec fours years ago. The Prince took her with him on every tour around the area, and it was rumored he was utilizing her knowledge of Constantinople as part of his espionage network. One evening he passed around the banquet table a crystal cup full of diamonds, requesting every female guest to select one as a souvenir. When a lady chanced to soil a pair of evening slippers, Brigadier Bauer was dispatched to Paris for replacements.

But if The Prince fancied women and was fascinated by foreigners, he could be haughtiness personified to his subordinates. He had collared one of his generals in public. His coat trimmed in sable, diamond stars of the Orders of Saints Andrew or George agleam, he was often prone to sit sulkily, eye downcast, in a Scheherazade trance. When this happened, everything stopped. As Littlepage noted: "A complete picture of Prince Potemkin may be had in his 1788 operations. He stays inactive for half the summer in front of Oczakov, a quite second-rate spot, begins to besiege it <formally> only during the autumn rains, and finally carries it <by assault> in the heart of winter. There's a man who never goes by the ordinary road but still arrives at his goal, who gratuitously gets himself into difficulty in order to get out of it with eclat, in a word a man who creates monsters for himself in order to appear a <Hercules> in destroying them".   
To help him do so The Prince had conferred control of his land forces on a soldier who was different from him in almost every respect save one: both were eccentrics of the purest ray serene.   
Alexander Vasilievitch Suvorov, now in his fifty-ninth year (ten years Potemkin's senior), was a thin, worn-faced person of less than medium height who looked like a professor of botany. He had a small mouth with deep furrows on either side, a large flat nose, and penetrating blue eyes. His gray hair was thin, his face beginning to attract a swarm of wrinkles. He was ugly. But Suvorov's face was also a theater of vivacity, and his tough, stooping little frame was briskness embodied. Like all Russians he was an emotional man, and in him the emotions warred. Kind by nature, he never refused charity to a beggar or help to anyone who asked him for it (as Lewis would one day discover). But he was perpetually engaged in a battle to command his own temper.   
When Littlepage was introduced, if the General behaved as usual, the newcomer faced a staccato salvo of queries: origin? age? mission? current status? Woe betide the interviewee if he answered vaguely. Suvorov's contempt for don't-know's was proverbial; better to give an asinine answer than none at all. Despising luxuries of any sort for a soldier, he slept on a pile of hay with his cloak as blanket. He rose at 4:00 A&M& the year round and was apt to stride through camp crowing like a cock to wake his men. His breakfast was tea; his dinner fell anywhere from nine to noon; his supper was nothing. He hadn't worn a watch or carried pocket money for years because he disliked both, but highest among his hates were looking glasses: he had snatched one from an officer's grasp and smashed it to smithereens. He kept several pet birds and liked cats well enough that if one crept by, he would mew at it in friendly fashion. Passing dogs were greeted with a cordial bark.

Yet General Suvorov- who had never forgotten hearing his adored Czarina declare that all truly great men had oddities- was mad only north, northwest. He had come to learn that a reputation for peculiarity allowed mere field officers a certain leeway at Court; in camp he knew it won you the affection of your men. He had accordingly cultivated eccentricity to the point of second nature. Underneath, he remained one of the best-educated Russians of his day. He dabbled in verse, could get along well among most of the European languages, and was fluent in French and German. He had also mastered the Cossack tongue.   
For those little men with the short whiskers, shaven polls, and top knots Suvorov reserved a special esteem. Potemkin- as King Stanislas knew, and presently informed Littlepage- looked on the Cossacks as geopolitical tools. To Serenissimus such tribes as the Cossacks of the Don or those ex-bandits the Zaporogian Cossacks (in whose islands along the lower Dnieper the Polish novelist Sienkiewicz would one day place <With Fire and Sword>) were just elements for enforced resettlement in, say, Bessarabia, where, as "the faithful of the Black Sea borders", he could use their presence as baragining points in the Czarina's territorial claims against Turkey. Suvorov saw in these scimitar-wielding skirmishers not demographic units but military men of a high potential. He knew how to channel their exuberant disorderliness so as to transform them from mere plunderers into A-1 guerrilla fighters. He always kept a few on his personal staff. He often donned their tribal costumes, such as the one featuring a tall, black sheepskin hat from the top of which dangled a little red bag ornamented by a chain of worsted lace and tassels; broad red stripes down the trouser leg; broader leather belt round the waist, holding cartridges and light sabre. Suvorov played parent not just to his Cossacks but to all his troops. It was probably at this period that Littlepage got his first good look at the ordinary Russian soldier.   
These illiterate boors conscripted from villages all across the Czarina's empire had, Suvorov may have told Lewis, just two things a commander could count on: physical fitness and personal courage. When their levies came shambling into camp, they were all elbows, hair, and beard. They emerged as interchangeable cogs in a faulty but formidable machine: shaved nearly naked, hair queued, greatcoated, jackbooted, and best of all- in the opinion of the British professional, Major Semple-Lisle- "their minds are not estranged from the paths of obedience by those smatterings of knowledge which only serve to lead to insubordination and mutiny". Mando, pleading her cause, must have said that Dr& Brown was the most distinguished physician in the United States of America, for our man poured out his symptoms and drew a madly waving line indicating the irregularity of his pulse. "He's got high blood pressure, too, and bum kidneys", the doctor said to me. "Transparent look, waxy skin- could well be uremia". He looked disapprovingly at an ash tray piled high with cigarette stubs, shook his head, and moved his hand back and forth in a strong negative gesture. The little official hung his head in shame. Seeing this, his colleague at the next desk gave a short, contemptuous laugh, pushed forward his own ash tray, innocent of a single butt, thumped his chest to show his excellent condition, and looked proud. The doctor gravely nodded approval.

At this moment Mando came hurrying up to announce that the problem was solved and all Norton had to do was to sign a sheaf of papers. We went out of the office and down the hall to a window where documents and more officials awaited us, the rest of the office personnel hot upon our heels. By this time word had got around that an American doctor was on the premises. One fellow who had liver spots held out his hands to the great healer. It was funny but it was also touching. "You know", Norton said to me later, "I am thinking of setting up the Klinico Brownapopolus. I might not make any money but I'd sure have patients".   
After luncheon we took advantage of the siesta period to try to get in touch with a few people to whom our dear friend Deppy had written. Deppy is Despina Messinesi, a long-time member of the <Vogue> staff who, although born in Boston, was born there of Greek parents. Several years of her life have been spent in the homeland, and she had written to friends to alert them of our coming. "All you have to do, Ilka dear, is to phone on your arrival. They are longing to see you". The wear and tear of life have taught me that very few friends of mutual friends long to see foreign strangers, but I planned on being the soul of tact, of giving them plenty of outs was there the tiniest implication that their cups were already running over without us. My diplomacy was needless. Greek phone service is worse than French, so that it was to be some little time before contact of any sort was established.   
In the late afternoon Mando came back to fetch us, and we drove to the Acropolis. We stopped first at the amphitheater that lies at the foot of the height crowned by the Parthenon. The curving benches are broken, chipped, tumbled, but still in place, as are the marble chairs, the seats of honor for the legislators. The carved statues of the frieze against the low wall are for the most part headless, but their exquisitely graceful nude and draped torsos and the kneeling Atlantes are well preserved in their perfect proportion.   
Having completed our camera work, we started our climb. I suppose the same emotion holds, if to a lesser degree, with any famous monument. Will it live up to its reputation? The weight of fame and history is formidable, and dreary steel engravings in schoolbooks do little to quicken interest and imagination. Uh huh, we think, looking at them, so that's the Parthenon. And then perhaps one day we get to Athens. We are here! We've come a long way and spent a lot of money. It had better be good. Don't worry about the Acropolis. It is awe-inspiring. Probably every visitor has a favorite time for his first sight of it. We saw it frequently afterward, but our suggestion for the very first encounter is near sunset. The light at that time is a benediction. The serene, majestic columns of the Parthenon, tawny in color against the pure deep blue sky, frame incredible vistas. All we wanted to do was to stand very quietly and look and look and look.   
More than twenty-four hundred years old, bruised, battered, worn and partially destroyed, combining to an astounding degree solidity and grace, it still stands, incomparable testimony to man's aspiration. In 1687 the Turks, who had been in control of the city since the fifteenth century, with a truly shattering lack of prudence used the Parthenon as a powder magazine. It was hit by a shell fired by the bombarding Venetian army and the great central portion of the temple was blown to smithereens.   
Nearby is the temple of Athena. The architectural feature, the caryatides upholding the portico, famous around the world as the Porch of the Maidens, was referred to airily by Mando as the Girls' Place. Another beautiful building is the Propylaea, the entrance gate of the Acropolis.   
My other nugget of art and architectural knowledge- besides remembering that it was Ghiberti who designed the doors of the baptistery in Florence- is the three styles of Greek columns. For some happy reason Doric, Ionic, and Corinthian have always stuck in my mind. Furthermore I can identify each design. It remained, however, for Mando to teach me that Doric symbolized strength, Ionic wisdom, and Corinthian beauty, the three pillars of the ancient world. The columns of the Parthenon are fluted Doric.   
Another classic sight that gave us considerable pleasure was the evzone sentry, in his ballet skirt with great pompons on his shoes, who was patrolling up and down in front of the palace. Gun on shoulder, he would march smartly for a few yards, bring his heels together with a click, make a brisk pirouette, skirts flaring, and march back to his point of departure. We did not dare speak to so exalted a being, but Norton aimed his camera and shot him, so to speak, on the rise, the split second between the halt and the turn.   
The evening of our first day we drove with Christopher and Judy Sakellariadis, who were friends and patients of Norton, to dine at a restaurant on the shores of the Aegean. On the way out Mr& Sakellariadis detoured up a special hill from which one may obtain a matchless view of the Acropolis lighted by night.   
The great spectacle was a source of rancor, and Son et Lumiere, which the French were trying to promote with the Athenians, was the reason. These performances were being staged at historical monuments throughout Europe. By a combination of music, lighting effects, and narration, famous events that have transpired in these locations are evoked and re-created for large audiences usually to considerable acclaim. The Acropolis had been scheduled for the treatment too, but apparently it was to take place at the time of the full moon when the Athenians themselves, out of respect for the natural beauty of the occasion, were wont to forgo their own usual nocturnal illumination.

Athenian society was split into two factions, the Philistines and the Artists. The Artists contended that the Philistines, gross of soul, were all for having Son et Lumiere, since the French were footing the bill and the attraction, wherever it had been done, had proven popular. This was the crassest kind of materialism and they, the Artists, would have no truck with it. The Acropolis was unique in the world and if that imcomparable work flooded by moonlight wasn't enough for both natives and tourists, then they were quite simply barbarians and the hell with them. It was very stimulating.

The restaurant to which the Sakellariadises took us on this night of controversy was the Asteria, on Asteria beach. This is a public bathing beach, easily accessible by tramway from the center of Athens. Office workers frequently go out there to lunch and swim during the siesta period, which, during the summer, lasts from two until five in the afternoon, when shops and offices are again open for business. They close sometime after eight. Nine o'clock is the rush hour, when the busses are jammed, and by nine-thirty the restaurants are beginning to fill. Bedtime is late, for the balmy evenings are delightful and everyone wants to linger under the stars.   
The sand is fine and pleasant, the cabanas are clean, and the parasols, green, raspberry, and butter yellow, are very gay. Although open to the general public it is not overcrowded; the atmosphere is that of an attractive private beach club at home. We went there a couple of times to swim and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly. This agreeable state of affairs is explicable, I think, on two counts. One is Greece is not yet suffering from overpopulation. The public may still find pleasure in public places. The other is that the charge for cabanas and parasols, though modest from an American point of view, still is a little high for many Athenians. We were struck by the notable absence of banana skins and beer cans, but just so that we wouldn't go overboard on Greek refinement, perfection was side-stepped by a couple of braying portable radios. Greek boys and girls also go for rock-and-roll, and the stations most tuned to are those carrying United States overseas programs. A good deal of English was spoken on the beach, most educated Greeks learn it in childhood, and there were also American wives and children of our overseas servicemen.   
For a delightful drive out of Athens I should recommend Sounion, at the end of the Attic Peninsula. The road, a comparatively new one, is very good, winding along inlets, coves, and bays of deep and brilliant blue. I suppose the day will inevitably come when the area will be encrusted with developments, but at present it is deserted and seductive. Three beneficial hurdles to progress are the lack of water, electricity, and telephones.

At Sounion there is a group of beautiful columns, the ruins of a temple to Poseidon, of particular interest at that time, as active reconstruction was in progress. Gaunt scaffoldings adjoined the ruins, and on the ground segments of columns two and a half to three feet in thickness were being fitted with sections cunningly chiseled to match exactly the fluting and proportion of the original. Later they would be hoisted into place.   
There is a mediocre restaurant at Sounion and I fed a thin little Grecian cat and gave it two saucers of water- there was no milk- which it lapped up as though it were nectar. I think its thirst had never been assuaged before.   
Norton and I dined one night in a sea-food restaurant in Piraeus right on the water's edge. To enter it, you go down five or six steps from the road. Across the road is the kitchen, and waiters bearing great trays of dishes dodge traffic as nimbly as their French colleagues at the restaurant in the Place du Tertre in Paris.   
This restaurant, too, had a cat, a dusty, thin little creature. How <can> a cat be thin in a fish restaurant? But this one was. When offered a morsel it glanced right and left and winced, obviously frightened and expecting a kick, but too hungry not to snatch the tidbit. Greece was one of the highlights of our trip, but beginning in Greece and continuing around the world throughout Southeast Asia the treatment of animals was horrifying, ranging from callous indifference to active cruelty. This of course was not true of the educated and sophisticated people we met, who loved their pets, but kindness is not a basic human instinct.   
We met some charming Athenians, and among them our chauffeur Panyotis ranked high. His English was limited, and the little he knew he found irritating. A particularly galling phrase was "O&K&, Panyotis, we have time at our disposal". This he claimed was the favorite refrain of the English. They would be lolling under a tree sipping Ouzo, relishing the leisurely life, assuring him that the day was yet young. "Let him become honest, and they discard him.- But let him be ready to invent whatever falsehood- to assail whatever character- and to prostitute his paper to whatever ends- and they hug him to their heart. In proportion to the degradation of his moral worth, is the increase of his worth to them".   
To exonerate the legislature and thereby extricate himself from a sticky situation, Pike took another course and made it appear that the legislature had been bilked. He claimed in his attacks that Woodruff, with scurrilous underhandedness, had deliberately written an ambiguous bid that had so confused the honest members of the legislature that they had awarded him the contract without knowing what they were doing.   
The charge was so farfetched that Woodruff paid little attention to it, and answered Pike in a rather bored way, wearily declaring that a "new hand" was pumping the bellows of the Crittenden organ, and concluding: "In a controversy with an adversary so utterly destitute of moral principles, even a triumph would entitle the victor to no laurels. The game is not worth the ammunition it would cost. We therefore leave the writer to the enjoyment of the unenvied reputation which the personal abuse he has heaped on us will entitle him to from the low and vulgar herd to which he belongs".   
Despite Woodruff's continuing refusal to debate with Pike through the columns of his newspaper, Pike did not let up his attack for a moment. Over the months he became a political gadfly with an incessant barrage of satirical poems ridiculing Woodruff, the "Casca" letters belittling Woodruff, and long analytical articles vilifying Woodruff. So persistent were these attacks that in March of the following year, Woodruff was finally moved to action, and Pike was to learn his first lesson in frontier politics, the subtle art of diversion.   
To attack Pike directly would gain Woodruff little, for as a penniless newcomer Pike had nothing to lose. By this time Woodruff had accurately measured Pike as a man of great personal pride, a man who would fly into a towering rage if his integrity were questioned, and who would be anxious to avenge himself. Pike's honor would now come under attack, but not by Woodruff himself. The charges would be made in the <Gazette> by an anonymous correspondent, and Pike would be so busy trying to track down the illusive character assassin that he would forget about harassing Woodruff. The strategy worked perfectly.   
Pike was stunned by the first blast against his character, which was published in the March 4th issue of the <Gazette> under the name "Vale". The anonymous correspondent did not resort to innuendoes. He called Pike a thief. He said Pike had stolen mules from Harris during the Santa Fe expedition; he accused Pike of continuing his sticky-fingered career in Arkansas with the theft of some otter skins in Van Buren. The charges caught Pike off balance, coming as they did from an unexpected quarter. Outraged, he used the <Advocate> of March 7th for a denial, sending immediately to Santa Fe and Van Buren for documents to vindicate himself, and demanding that Woodruff reveal the name of this perfidious slanderer who disguised himself under a pastoral pseudonym.

Woodruff said nothing, and Pike, frustrated, stormed throughout Little Rock in an unsuccessful search for "Vale", asking his friends to keep their ears open. Finally he learned through the grapevine that the culprit might be one James W& Robinson in Pope County. Without further inquiry, Pike jumped to the conclusion that Robinson was guilty, and, following the honorable route that would eventually lead to the dueling ground, sent a message to Robinson through his friends, demanding that he either confirm or deny his complicity. Robinson did neither. To Pike, silence was tantamount to an admission of guilt, and he determined to get Robinson onto the dueling ground at all costs. On April 11th he wrote an open letter in the <Advocate>, making it known "to the world that Jas& W& Robinson <is by his own admission> a base LIAR and a SLANDERER".

If Robinson was a liar and a slanderer, he was also a very canny gentleman, for nothing that Pike could do would pry so much as a single word out of him. Preoccupied with his own defense and his attempts to get Robinson to fight, Pike lessened his attacks on Woodruff, and finally stopped them altogether. And Pike never did find out if Robinson was really responsible for the "Vale" letter. Woodruff's strategy had been immensely successful.   
It took Pike a long time to realize what Woodruff had done, and it had a profound effect on him. Once he learned a lesson, he never forgot it. In the next few months of comparative silence, Pike waited patiently until conditions were perfect for a new attack, and then, displaying a remarkable grasp of the subtleties of political infighting, gained from his first bout with Woodruff, he used these changed conditions to excellent advantage.   
Shortly after the "Vale" incident, a rift began to develop between William Woodruff and Governor Pope. One-armed, gruff, frugally honest, Governor Pope had been the ideal man to assume office in Arkansas after the disgraceful antics of political bosses like Crittenden, and he ruled the state with an iron fist, tolerating no nonsense. Woodruff had supported him all the way, both as a chief executive and as a man. Besides being political allies, they were also friends. This warm relationship came to an abrupt end in June of 1834 when the National Congress appropriated $3,000 for compiling and printing the laws of Arkansas Territory, and, taking note of the recent wave of corruption in the legislature, left it to the governor to award the contract.   
Woodruff wanted this political windfall very badly, and everyone assumed that he would get it because he was a close friend of the governor and his stanchest supporter. After all, Woodruff owned a competent printing plant and was the logical man for the job. But because the governor was determined that friendship should not influence him one way or the other, he looked for a printer with a knowledge of the law (which Woodruff did not have), and awarded the contract to a lawyer named John Steele who had started a newspaper in Helena the year before.   
Woodruff was furious. Considering the governor's act a personal rebuff, he aired his feelings in the <Gazette> on August 26, 1834: "We think the governor treated us rather shabbily, to say the least of it. **h It is but justice to Mr& Steele for us to add that, in the above remarks, nothing is intended to his disparagement, either as a lawyer or as a printer. He got a good fat job and we congratulate him on his good luck. We hope that he will execute it in a manner that will entitle him to credit".   
As summer cooled into fall and winter, even so the relationship between the two men continued to grow colder by the day, and by December of 1834 it was icy. It was at this point that Pike decided to capitalize on the bad feelings between the two men. The eventual prize in this new battle was the public printing contract that Woodruff still held.   
From his first bout with the canny Woodruff, Pike had learned that it was better not to attack him directly, so, harping on the theme that the cost of printing was too high, he condemned the governor for permitting such a state of affairs to exist. To document his charge, Pike set up two parallel columns in the <Advocate> showing the price charged by the <Gazette> and the considerably lower price for which the work could be done elsewhere. Then he called on the governor to explain why.   
The governor was not used to having his integrity questioned, and he promptly passed the charges on to Woodruff, demanding that Woodruff answer them. If Woodruff could not furnish a strong explanation, the governor insisted that he lower his prices in accord with the scale printed in the <Advocate>. Woodruff was now impaled on the horns of a dilemma. As a proud man, his prestige would suffer if he let Pike dictate to him through the governor's office, but to lower his prices would be tantamount to an admission that they had been too high in the first place. As a consequence, he did neither. Very angry at Woodruff, the governor used his personal influence to have the printing contract withdrawn from the <Gazette> and awarded to the lowest bidder, which, by a strange coincidence, happened to be Pike's <Advocate>. And, for the moment at least, the governor now found himself allied with the head of the Crittenden faction he had formerly opposed, and Pike was credited with a clear triumph over Woodruff.   
But in the confused atmosphere of frontier politics, alliances were as quickly broken as they were formed, and as Pike came to favor with the governor of the Territory, the governor fell out of favor with the President of the United States. On January 28, 1835, Andrew Jackson removed Pope from office and elevated Territorial Secretary William S& Fulton to the position. Fulton was a very close friend of Jackson, and had been his private secretary for a number of years in the old days. As a stanch party man and a rabid Democrat, he had little tolerance for Whigs like Pike, and Pike lost any immediate personal advantage his victory over Woodruff might have gained him.

#2#

As Pike proved himself adept in the political arena, he also became a social lion in the village of Little Rock, where he served as a symbol of the culture that the ladies of the town were striving so eagerly to cultivate. After all, Pike was an established poet and his work had been published in the respectable periodicals of that center of American culture, Boston. His accomplishments, and the fact that he was resident, did much to offset the unkind words travelers used to describe Little Rock after a visit there. For some reason, none of them were impressed with the territorial capital. The internationally known sportsman and traveler Friedrich Gersta^cker was typical of its detractors in the mid-thirties. "Little Rock is a vile, detestable place **h". he wrote. "Little Rock is, without any flattery, one of the dullest towns in the United States and I would not have remained two hours in the place, if I had not met with some good friends who made me forget its dreariness".   
Pike enjoyed his new social position tremendously, and cultivated in himself those traits necessary to its preservation. He was especially popular with women, for, like the romantic poetry he wrote, he was personally gracious, gallant, and chivalrous. He again began to play the violin, and tucking the instrument beneath his chin, performed soulful and romantic airs to match the expressions on the faces of the lovely women who gathered to hear him. His artistic accomplishments guaranteed him entry into any social gathering. He composed songs and set them to music and sang them in a soft, melodious voice, and when his audience had had enough of music he would discourse on politics or tell stories of his western adventures guaranteed to excite the emotions of men and women alike.

The bulk of his early reputation, however, came not from his poetry or his music, but from his excellence as an orator. By 1834 the art of oratory had reached a very high level in the United States as a literary form. The orator of this period, in order to earn a reputation, had to pay close attention to the formal composition of his speech, judging how it would appear in print as well as the effect it would have on the audience that heard it.   
Very soon after his arrival in Little Rock, Pike had joined one of the most influential organizations in town, the Little Rock Debating Society, and it was with this group that he made his debut as an orator, being invited to deliver the annual Fourth of July address the club sponsored every year. SAMUEL GORTON, founder of Warwick, was styled by the historian Samuel Greene Arnold "one of the most remarkable men who ever lived". A biographer called him "the premature John the Baptist of New England Transcendentalism". The historian Charles Francis Adams called him "a crude and half-crazy thinker". His contemporaries in Massachusetts called him an arch-heretic, a beast, a miscreant, a proud and pestilent seducer, a prodigious minter of exorbitant novelties. Edward Rawson, secretary of the colony of Massachusetts Bay, described him as "a man whose spirit was stark drunk with blasphemies and insolence, a corrupter of the truth, a disturber of the peace wherever he comes". Nathaniel Morton stated he "was deeply leavened with blasphemous and familistical opinions". He was thrown out, more or less, from Boston, Plymouth, Pocasset, Newport, and Providence.

On the other hand, Dr& Ezra Styles recorded the following testimony of John Angell, the last disciple of Gorton: "  He said Gorton was a holy man; wept day and night for the sins and blindness of the world **h had a long walk through the trees and woods by his house, where he constantly walked morning and evening, and even in the depths of the night, alone by himself, for contemplation and the enjoyment of the dispensation of light. He was universally beloved by his neighbours, and the Indians, who esteemed him, not only as a friend, but one high in communion with God in Heaven". Gorton sometimes signed himself "a professor of the mysteries of Christ".   
There is plenty more to recommend Gorton, the facts of whose life are given in <The Life and Times of Samuel Gorton,> by Adelos Gorton. He fought like a fiend for the helpless and oppressed, worked for the abolition of slavery, helped the Quakers and Indians, and worked against the prosecution of witches. He defied the Boston hierarchy, and after they sent a small army to get him he befuddled the court, including John Cotton, with one of the most complicated religious discourses ever heard.   
Samuel Gorton was born at Gorton, England, near the present city of Manchester, about 1592. Although he did not attend any celebrated schools or universities, he was a master of Greek and Hebrew and could read the Bible in the original. He worked as a "clothier" in London, but was greatly concerned with religion.   
Gorton left England, he said, "to enjoy libertie of conscience in respect to faith towards God, and for no other end". With his wife and three or more children he arrived in Boston in March, 1637, and soon found it was no place for anyone looking for liberty of conscience. Roger Williams had recently been thrown out, and Anne Hutchinson and her Antinomians were slugging it out with the powers-that-be. Gorton and his family moved to Plymouth.   
Soon he was in trouble there, for defending a woman who was accused of smiling in church. She was Ellen Aldridge, a widow of good repute who was employed by Gorton's wife and lived with the family. The report was: "  It had been whispered privately that she had smiled in the congregation, and the Governor Prence sent to knoe her business, and command, after punishment as the bench see fit, her departure and also anyone who brought her "to the place from which she came"". Gorton said they were preparing to deport her as a vagabond, and to escape the shame she fled to the woods for several days, returning at night. He advised the poor woman not to appear in court as what she was charged with was not in violation of law. Gorton appeared for her, however, and what he told the magistrates must have been plenty, for he was charged with deluding the court, fined, and told to leave the colony within fourteen days. He left in a storm for Pocasset, December 4, 1638. His wife was in delicate health and nursing an infant with measles.   
The unconquerable Mrs& Hutchinson was residing at Pocasset, after having been excommunicated by the Boston church and thrown out of the colony. One can imagine that with her and Gorton there it was no place for anyone with weak nerves. William Coddington, who was running the colony, felt constrained to move seven miles south where, with others- as mentioned above- he founded Newport. When, in March, 1640, the two towns were united under Coddington, Gorton claimed the union was irregular and illegally constituted and that it had never been sanctioned by the majority of freeholders.   
Then he became involved in a ruckus remarkably similar to the one in Plymouth. A cow owned by an old woman trespassed on Gorton's land. While driving the cow back home the woman was assaulted by a servant maid of Gorton. The old woman complained to the deputy governor, who ordered the servant brought before the court. Gorton reverted to his Plymouth tactics, refused to let her go, and appeared himself before the Portsmouth grand jury. During the trial he told off the jury, called them "Just Asses" and called a freeman "a saucy boy and Jack-an-Apes". He was jailed and banished.   
Gorton then moved to Providence and soon put the town in a turmoil. He held that no group of colonists could set up or maintain a government without royal sanction. Since Rhode Island at that time did not have such sanction, his opinion was not popular. Roger Williams wrote his friend Winthrop as follows: "  Master Gorton, having foully abused high and low at Aquidneck is now bewitching and bemaddening poor Providence, both with his unclean and foul censures of all the ministers of this country (for which myself have in Christ's name withstood him), and also denying all visible and external ordinances in depth of Familism: almost all suck in his poison, as at first they did at Aquidneck. Some few and myself withstand his inhabitation and town privileges, without confession and reformation of his uncivil and inhuman practices at Portsmouth; yet the tide is too strong against us, and I fear (if the framer of hearts help not) it will force me to little Patience, a little isle next to your Prudence". Williams also stated: "Our peace was like the peace of a man who hath the tertian ague".   
Providence finally managed to get Gorton out of the town, and he and some friends bought land at Pawtuxet on the west side of Narragansett Bay, five miles south but still within the jurisdiction of the Providence colony. This town should not be confused with Pawtucket, just north of Providence, or Pawcatuck, Connecticut, on the Pawcatuck River, opposite Westerly, Rhode Island.   
Up to now, Gorton had been looking for trouble, and now that he was trying to get away from it, trouble started looking for him. Upon intelligence that the formidable agitator was to favor them with his presence, the benighted inhabitants of Pawtuxet, alas, gave their allegiance to Massachusetts and asked that colony to expel the newcomers. As it was the custom of that alert colony to take over the property of persons asking for protection, this was an act roughly equivalent to throwing open the door to a pack of wolves and saying "Come and get it".   
Gorton and company, however, promptly bought land from Miantonomi a few miles south of Pawtuxet, extending from the present Gaspee Point south to Warwick Neck and twenty miles inland. The settlement was called Shawomet. It was not within the jurisdiction of anybody or anything, including Providence and Massachusetts. If Gorton wanted peace and quiet for his complicated meditations this is where he should have had it. Instead of that he was engulfed by bedlam.   
Pomham and Soconoco, a couple of minor sachems (of something less than exalted character) under Miantonomi, declared that they had never assented to the sale of land to Gorton and had never received anything for it. Following the glorious lead of the heroes of Pawtuxet, they also submitted themselves to the protection of Massachusetts. One historical authority presents laborious and circuitous testimony tending to arouse suspicion that Massachusetts was behind the clouds settling down on the embattled Gorton.   
However, the General Court at Boston ordered the purchasers of Shawomet to appear before them to answer the sachems' claim. The purchasers rejected the order in two letters written in vigorous terms. Then Massachusetts switched to its standard tactics. It pointed out twenty-six instances of blasphemy in the letters, and ordered the writers to submit or force of arms would be used. The next week, forty soldiers were sent to get the miscreants. The latter tried to arbitrate through a delegation from Providence, which offer was declined by the invaders. The Commissioners at Boston wrote the victims to see their misdeeds and repent or they should "look upon them as men prepared for slaughter".   
At Shawomet, women and children fled in terror across the Bay. The men fortified a blockhouse and got ready to fight, but meanwhile appealed to the King and again tried to arbitrate. Gorton evidently still had plenty to learn about Massachusetts, but he was learning fast. Governor Winthrop wrote: "  You may do well to take notice, that besides the title to land between the English and the Indians there, there are twelve of the English that have subscribed their names to horrible and detestable blasphemies, who are rather to be judged as blasphemous than they should delude us by winning time under pretence of arbitration".

The attack started on October 2, 1643, and the Gortonists held out for a day and a night. The attackers sent for more soldiers, and the defenders, to save bloodshed, surrendered under the promise that they would be treated as neighbors. Promptly their livestock was taken and according to Gorton the soldiers were ordered to knock down anyone who should utter a word of insolence, and run through anyone who might step out of line.   
When the captives arrived in Boston, "the chaplain [of their captors] went to prayers in the open streets, that the people might take notice what they had done in a holy manner, and in the name of the Lord". Gorton and ten of his friends were thrown in jail.   
On Sunday they refused to attend church. The magistrates were determined to compel them. The prisoners agreed, provided they might speak after the sermon, which was permitted. Here was Gorton's chance to indulge in something at which he was supreme. The Boston elders were great at befuddling the opposition with torrents of ecclesiastical obscurities, but Gorton was better. Reverend Cotton preached to them about Demetrius and the shrines of Ephesus. Gorton replied with blasts that scandalized the congregation.

At the trial which took place later, the Pomham matter was completely omitted. The Gortonists were charged with blasphemy and tried for their lives. Four ecclesiastical questions were presented by the General Court to Gorton: "_1._ Whether the Fathers, who died before Christ was born of the Virgin Mary, were justified and saved only by the blood which hee shed, and the death which hee suffered after his incarnation? _2._ Whether the only price of our redemption were not the death of Christ on the cross, with the rest of his sufferings and obediences, in the time of his life here, after hee was born of the Virgin Mary? _3._ Who was the God whom hee thinke we serve? _4._ What hee means when hee saith, wee worship the starre of our God Remphan, Chion, Moloch"?   Gorton answered in writing. All of the elders except three voted for death, but a majority of the deputies refused to sanction the sentence. Seven of the prisoners were sentenced to be confined in irons for as long as it pleased the court, set to work and, if they broke jail or proclaimed heresy, to be executed if convicted. The three others got off easier. The convicts were put in chains, paraded before the congregation at the Reverend Cotton's lecture as an example, and sent to prisons in various towns, where they languished all winter, chains included. When Fred wheeled him back into his room, the big one looking out on the back porch, and put him to bed, Papa told him he was very tired but that he had enjoyed greatly the trip downtown. "I've been cooped up so long", he added. Getting out again, seeing old friends, had given his spirits a lift.   
That night after supper I went back over to 48 Spruce Street- Ralph and I at that time were living at 168 Chestnut- and Ralph went with me. Papa was still elated over his afternoon visit downtown. "Baby, I saw a lot of old friends I hadn't seen in a long time", he told me, his eyes bright. "It was mighty good for the old man to get out again".   
The next day he seemed to be in fairly good shape and still in excellent spirits. But a few days after Fred's return he began hemorrhaging and that was the beginning of early and complete disintegration. It began in the morning, and very quickly the hemorrhage was a massive one. We got Dr& Glenn to him as quickly as we could, and we wired Tom of Papa's desperate condition. The hemorrhage was in the prostate region; Dr& Glenn saw at once what had happened.   
"He has lost much blood", he said. "It'll take a lot to replace it".   
"Dr& Glenn, I've got a lot of blood", Fred spoke up, "plenty of it. Let me give Papa blood".   
The doctor agreed, but explained that it would be necessary first to check Fred's blood to ascertain whether or not it was of the same type as Papa's. To give a patient the wrong type of blood, said the doctor, would likely kill him.   
That was in the days before blood banks, of course, and transfusions had to be given directly from donor to patient. One had to find a donor, and usually very quickly, whose blood corresponded with the patient's. And then it took considerably longer to make preparations for giving transfusions. They had to take blood samples to the laboratory to test them, for one thing, and there was much required preliminary procedure.   
They made the tests and came to Fred; by now it was perhaps two days or longer after Papa had begun hemorrhaging.   
"Fred, your blood matches your father's, all right", Dr& Glenn said. "But we aren't going to let you give him any".   
"But why in the name of God can't I give my father blood"? Fred demanded. "Why can't I, Doctor"?   "Because, Fred, it could do him no good. It's too late now. He's past helping. He's as good as gone".

And in a few minutes Papa was dead. It was well past midnight. Papa had left us about the same hour of the night that Ben had passed on. The date was June 20, 1922.   
"W& O& Wolfe, prominent business man and pioneer resident of this section, died shortly after midnight Tuesday at his home 48 Spruce Street", the Asheville <Times> of Wednesday, June 21, announced. "Mr& Wolfe had been in declining health for many years and death was not unexpected". A biographical sketch followed.   
Funeral services were held Thursday afternoon at four o'clock at the home. Beloved Dr& R& F& Campbell, our First Presbyterian Church pastor, was in charge. The burial was out in Riverside Cemetery. All about him stood tombstones his own sensitive great hands had fashioned.

A few years before his death Papa had agreed with Mama to make a joint will with her in which it would be provided that in the event of the death of either of them an accounting would be made to their children whereby each child would receive a bequest of $5000 cash. At his death Fred and Ralph, my husband, were named executors of the estate under the terms of the will.   
Fred and Ralph qualified as executors and paid off what debts were currently due, and they were all current, since Papa was never one to allow bills to go unpaid. The bills were principally for hospitalization and doctors' fees during the last years of his life, and when he died he owed in the main only current doctor's bills. After they had paid all his debts and the funeral costs, Ralph and Fred had some fourteen thousand dollars, as I remember, with which to pay the bequests. This, manifestly, would not provide $5000 to each of the surviving five children.   
So what Fred and Ralph did was to attempt to prorate the money fairly by taking into account what each of the five had received, if anything, from the estate before Papa's death. Consequently, Fred and Tom, the two who had been provided college educations, signed statements to the effect that each had received his bequest in full, and Effie and I were each allotted $5000. Frank had been given about half his legacy to use in a business venture before Papa's death; he was given the difference between that amount and $5000. Tom had received four years of education at the University of North Carolina and two at Harvard, and Fred had been in and out of Georgia Tech and Carneigie Tech and part of the time had been a self-help student. So, because he had received less than Tom, it was felt proper that Fred should receive the few hundred dollars that remained. And that's how Papa's estate was divided.   
Papa, I should emphasize, had been an invalid the last several years of his life; his hospital and doctor bills had been large and his income had been cut until he was receiving little except small rentals on some properties he still owned. Had he been able to escape this long siege of invalidism, I'm convinced, Papa would have left a sizable estate. But he had succeeded well, we agreed. He had left us a legacy far more valuable than houses and lands and stocks and bonds.   
For years Papa and Mama had been large taxpayers. I recall that several years their taxes exceeded $800. In those years of lower property valuations and lower tax rates, that payment represented ownership of much property.   
"Merciful God, Julia"! I have known Papa to exclaim on getting his tax bill, "we're going to the dogs"!   But he never expected to do that. And he didn't, by a long shot!

#35.#

In the spring of his second year at Harvard, Tom had been offered a job at Northwestern University as an instructor in the English Department. But he had delayed accepting this job, and as he was leaving to come home to Papa in response to our telegram, he dropped a postcard to Miss McCrady, head of the Harvard Appointment Office, asking her please to write Northwestern authorities and explain the circumstances.

Actually Tom had been postponing giving them an answer, I'm confident, because he did not want to go out there to teach. In fact, he didn't want to teach anywhere. He wanted to go back to Harvard for another year of playwriting. But Papa's death had further complicated the financing of Tom's hoped-for third year, and for the weeks following it Tom did not know whether his return to Harvard could be arranged.   
But things were worked out in the family and late in August he wrote Miss McCrady an explanatory letter in which he told her that matters at home had been in an unsettled condition after Papa's death and he had not known whether he would stay at home with Mama, accept the Northwestern job, or return to Harvard. But he was happy to tell her that his finances were now in such condition that he could go back to Harvard for a third year with Professor Baker.   
And that's what he did. That third year he wrote plays with a fury. I believe there are seventeen short plays by Tom now housed in the Houghton Library at Harvard; I think I'm right in that figure. That fall he submitted to Professor Baker the first acts and outlines of the following acts of several plays, six of them, according to some of his associates, and he also worked on a play that he first called <Niggertown>, the material for which he had collected during the summer at home. Later this play would be called <Welcome to Our City>. In the spring, it must have been, he began working on the play that he called <The House>, which later would be <Mannerhouse>. That spring <Welcome to Our City> was selected for production by the 47 Workshop and it was staged in the middle of May. It ran two nights, and though it was generally praised, there was considerable criticism of its length. It ran until past one o'clock. That was Tom's weakness; it was demonstrated, many critics would later point out, in the length of his novels. In this play there were so many characters and so much detail. Tom never knew how to condense, to boil down. He was always concerned with life, and he tried to picture it whole; he wanted nothing compressed, tight. He was a big man, and he wanted nothing little, squeezed; he despised parsimony, and particularly of words. In this play there were some thirty or more named characters and I don't know how many more unnamed. In describing it to Professor Baker after it had been chosen for production, he defended his great array of characters by declaring that he had included that many not because "I didn't know how to save paint", but because the play required them. And he threatened someday to write a play "with fifty, eighty, a hundred people- a whole town, a whole race, a whole epoch". He said he would do it, though probably nobody would produce it, for his own "soul's ease and comfort".   
That summer Tom attended the summer session at Harvard, but he did not ask Mama to send him back in the fall. Instead, he went down to New York and submitted <Welcome to Our City> to the Theatre Guild, which had asked him to let them have a look at it after Professor Baker had recommended it highly. He hung around New York, waiting to hear whether they would accept it for production and in that time came down to Asheville and also paid a short visit to Chapel Hill, where with almost childish delight he visited old friends and favorite campus spots. On returning to New York he had a job for several weeks; it was visiting University of North Carolina alumni in New York to ask them for contributions to the Graham Memorial Building fund. The Graham Memorial would be the campus student union honoring the late and much beloved Edward Kidder Graham, who had been president when Tom entered the university.   
Well, the Theatre Guild kept that play, and kept it, and finally in December they turned it down. But they would reconsider it, they assured him, if he would rewrite it. Tom told me about it, how one evening he went over to see the Theatre Guild man. This man, Tom said, had the play shut up in his desk, I believe, and when Tom sat down, he pulled it out and apologetically told Tom that they wouldn't be able to use it.   
Tom said he almost burst into tears, he was so disappointed and put out. The man, Tom said, explained that it was not only too long and detailed but that as it stood it wasn't the sort of thing the public wanted. The public, Tom said the man told him, wanted realism, and his play wasn't that. It was fantastic writing, beautiful writing, the man declared, but the public, he insisted, wanted realism.   
Tom was not willing to revise the play according to the plan the man suggested. Such a revision, he said, would ruin it, would change his whole conception of the play as well as the treatment. He thought about it and he told the man he just couldn't do it over in accordance with the suggestions he had made. ##

It was not until we had returned to the city to live, while I was still at Brown and Sharpe's, that I felt the full impact of evangelical Christianity. I came under the spell of a younger group in the church led by the pastor's older son. The spirit of this group was that we were- and are- living in a world doomed to eternal punishment, but that God through Jesus Christ has provided a way of escape for those who confess their sins and accept salvation. There are millions who accept this doctrine, but few indeed are those who accept it so truly that the fate of humanity lies as a weight on their souls night and day. This group in Park Place Church was made up of the earnest few. I was drawn deeper and deeper into these concerns and responsibilities. I engaged more and more in religious activities. Besides Church and Sunday School I went to out-of-door meetings on the sidewalk at the church door. I went to an afternoon service at the ~YMCA. I went to the Christian Endeavor Society and to the evening service of the church. Much of this lacked the active support of the pastor. The young people were self-energizing, and I was energized. Once or twice my father asked me if I wasn't overdoing a bit in my churchgoing.   
Meanwhile I myself was not yet saved. At least I had been unable to lay hold on the experience of conversion. Try as I might to confess my sins and accept salvation, no answer came to me from heaven. Finally, after years, I gave up.

The basic difficulty, I suppose, was in my ultimate inability to feel a burden of sin from which I sought relief. I was familiar with <Pilgrim's Progress>, which I read as literature. No load of sin had been laid on my shoulders, nor did earnest effort enable me to become conscious of one.   
There is, of course, the doctrine of original sin, which asserts that each of us as individuals partakes of the guilt of our first ancestor. In the rhyming catechism this doctrine is worded thus: "In Adam's fall We sin-ned all".

This doctrine was repugnant to my moral sense. I did not feel it presumptuous to expect that the Creator would be at least as just as the most righteous of His creatures; and the doctrine of original sin is compounded of injustice.   
Some of these thoughts- not all of them- have taken organized form in later years. The actual impelling force which severed me from evangelical effort was of another sort. I became disgusted at being so preoccupied with the state of my own miserable soul. I found myself becoming one of that group of people who, in Carlyle's words, "are forever gazing into their own navels, anxiously asking 'Am I right, am I wrong'"? I bethought me of the Lord's Prayer, and these words came to mind: "Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven". They have remained on the opened page of my mind in all the years which since have passed. From that time to this my religious concern is that I might give effective help to the bringing in of God's kingdom on earth.   
I do not claim to be free from sin, or from the need for repentance and forgiveness. In my experience the assurance of forgiveness comes only when I have confessed to the wronged one and have made as full reparation as I can devise. ##

There was one further step in my religious progress. This was taken after I came to live in Springfield, and it was made under the guidance of the Reverend Raymond Beardslee, a young preacher who came to the Congregational Church there at about the same time that I moved from New York. His father was a professor at Hartford Theological Seminary, and from him he acquired a conviction, which he passed along to me, that there is in the universe of persons a moral law, the law of love, which is a natural law in the same sense as is the physical law.

It is most important that we recognize the law of love as being unbreakable in all personal relationships, whether individually, socially or as between whole nations of people. If obeyed, the law brings order and satisfaction. If disobeyed, the result is turmoil and chaos.

As we observe moral law and physical law they appear as being inevitable. We can conceive of no alternatives. Their basis seems deeper than mere authority. They are not true because scientists or prophets say they are true. It is not the authority of God Himself which makes them true. Because God is what He is, the laws of the universe, material and spiritual, are what they are. Deity and Law are one and inseparable.   
With this conviction, the partition between the sacred and the secular disappears. One's daily work becomes sacred, since it is performed in the field of influence of the moral law, dealing as it does with people as well as with matter and energy.

In his book <Civilization and Ethics> Albert Schweitzer faces the moral problems which arise when moral law is recognized in business life, for example. His <Ethics> defines "possessions as the property of the community, of which the individual is sovereign steward. One serves society by conducting a business from which a certain number of employees draw their means of subsistence; another by giving away his property in order to help his fellow man. Each will decide on his own course somewhere between these two extreme cases according to the sense of responsibility which is determined for him by the particular circumstances of his own life. No one is to judge others".

He is uncompromising in assigning guilt to the man who finds it necessary to inflict or permit injury to one individual or group for the sake of a larger good. For this decision a man must take personal responsibility. Says he, "I may never imagine that in the struggle between personal and supra-personal responsibility it is possible to make a compromise between the ethical and the purposive in the shape of a relative ethic; or to let the ethical be superseded by the purposive. On the contrary it is my duty to make my own decision as between the two".   
Schweitzer seems, in fact, to acquire for himself a burden of sin, not bequeathed by Adam, but accumulated in the inevitable judgments which life requires of him as between greater and lesser responsibilities. This viewpoint I find interesting, but it has never weighed on my soul. Perhaps it should have. My own experience has followed simpler lines.   
An uncompromising belief in the moral law has the advantage of making religion natural, even as physical law is natural. Neither the engineer nor the ordinary citizen feels any self-consciousness in obeying the laws of matter and energy, nor can he achieve a sense of self-righteousness in such obedience. To obey the moral law is just ordinary common sense, applied to a neglected field. Religion thus becomes integrated with life.   
This truth that the moral law is natural has other important corollaries. One of them is that it gives meaning and purpose to life. In seeking for such meaning and purpose, Albert Schweitzer seized upon the concept of the "sacredness of life". It is puzzling to the occidental mind (to mine at least) to assign "sacredness" to animal, insect, and plant life. These lives are in themselves outside of the moral order and are unburdened with moral responsibility. There is indeed a moral responsibility on man himself, for his own soul's sake, to respect lower life and to avoid the infliction of suffering, but this viewpoint Schweitzer rejects.   
So far as "sacredness" inheres in any aspect of creation it seems to me to be found in human personality, whether in Lambarene, Africa, or in Washington, D&C&. One cannot read the records of scientists, officials and travelers who have penetrated to the minds of the most savage races without realizing that each individual met with is a <person>. Read, for instance, in Malcolm MacDonald's <Borneo People> of Segura and her wise father Tomonggong Koh, and her final adjustment to encroaching civilization. Above all read in Jens Bjerre's <The Last Cannibals> how the old man of the Wailbri tribe (not cannibals) in central Australia gave to the white man his choicest possession, while the tears streamed down his face. The Australian aborigine is the conventional exemplar of degraded humanity; yet here was a depth of sensibility which is lacking in a considerable portion of the beneficiaries of our civilization.   
Persons, whether white, black, brown or yellow, are a concern of God. Respect for personality is a privilege and a duty for us as brothers.   
Such is the field for exercising our reverence. As to our action, let us align ourselves with the purpose expressed by Jesus in the Lord's Prayer: "Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven". With the knowledge that the kingdom comes by obedience to the moral law in our relations with all people, we have a firm intellectual grasp on both the means and the ends of our lives.   
This intellectual approach to spiritual life suited me well, because I was never content to lead a divided life. As I have said, words from Tennyson remain ever in my memory: "That mind and soul, according well, May make one music as before".   
Let us now give some thought to the soul. When the young biologist, Dr& Ballard, began to show interest in our daughter Elizabeth, this induced a corresponding interest, on our part, in him. I asked one day what he was doing. He told me that he had a big newt and a little newt and that he was transplanting a big eye of the big newt onto the little newt and a little eye of the little newt onto the big newt. He was then noting that the big eye on the little newt hung back until the little eye had grown up to it, while the little eye on the big newt grew rapidly until it was as big as the other. Then I asked, "What does that teach you"? Said he, "It teaches me to wonder".   
This was a profound statement. In the face of the unfolding universe, our ultimate attitude is that of wonder. Wonder is indeed the intellectual gateway to the spiritual world.

Gone are the days when, in the nineteenth century, scientists thought that they were close to the attainment of complete knowledge of the physical universe. For them only a little more needed to be learned, and then all physical knowledge could be neatly sorted, packaged and put in the inventory to be drawn on for the solution of any human problem.   
This complacency was blown to bits by the relativity of Einstein, the revelation of the complex anatomy of the atom and the discovery of the expanding universe. None of these discoveries were neatly rounded off bits of knowledge. Each faded out into the unexplored areas of the future.   
It is as if we, in our center of human observation, from time to time penetrate more deeply into the unknown. As our radius of penetration, ~R, increases, the area of new knowledge increases by **f, and the total of human knowledge becomes measured in terms of **f. Wonder grows. It is endless.   
There are some people, intelligent people, who seem to be untouched by the sea of wonder in which we are immersed and in which we spend our lives. One such is Abraham Meyer, the writer of a recent book, <Speaking of Man>. This is a straightforward denial of the spiritual world and a vigorous defense of pure materialism. His inability to wonder vitiates his argument.   
The subject of immortality brings to mind a vivid incident which took place in 1929 at Montreux in Switzerland.

Criticism is as old as literary art and we can set the stage for our study of three moderns if we see how certain critics in the past have dealt with the ethical aspects of literature. I have chosen five contrasting pairs, ten men in all, and they are arranged in roughly chronological order. Such a list must naturally be selective, and the treatment of each man is brief, for I am interested only in their general ideas on the moral measure of literature. Altogether, the list will give us considerable variety in attitudes and some typical ones, for these critics range all the way from censors to those who consider art above ethics, all the way from Plato to Poe. And most of the great periods are represented, because we will compare Plato and Aristotle from the golden age of Greece; Stephen Gosson and Sir Philip Sidney from renaissance England; Dr& Johnson and William Hazlitt of the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries in England; and James Russell Lowell and Edgar Allan Poe of nineteenth century American letters.

#PLATO AND ARISTOTLE#

Plato and Aristotle agree on some vital literary issues. They both measure literature by moral standards, and in their political writings both allow for censorship, but the differences between them are also significant. While Aristotle censors literature only for the young, Plato would banish all poets from his ideal state. Even more important, in his <Poetics,> Aristotle differs somewhat from Plato when he moves in the direction of treating literature as a unique thing, separate and apart from its causes and its effects.   
All through <The Republic,> Plato attends to the way art relates to the general life and ultimately to a good life for his citizens. In short, he is constantly concerned with the ethical effects. When he discusses the subject matter of poetry, he asks what moral effect the scenes will have. When he turns briefly to literary style, in the Third Book, he again looks to the effect on the audience. He explains that his citizens must not be corrupted by any of the misrepresentations of the gods or heroes that one finds in much poetry, and he observes that all "these pantomimic gentlemen" will be sent to another state. Only those story tellers will remain who can "imitate the style of the virtuous".

Plato is, at times, just as suspicious of the poets themselves as he is of their work. When he discusses tyrants in the Eighth Book of <The Republic,> he pictures the poets as willing to praise the worst rulers. But the most fundamental objection he has to poets appears in the Tenth Book, and it is derived from his doctrine of ideal forms. In Plato's mind there is an irresolvable conflict between the poet and the philosopher, because the poet imitates only particular objects and is incapable of rising to the first level of abstraction, much less the highest level of ideal forms. True reality, of course, is the ideal, and the poet knows nothing of this; only the philosopher knows the truth.   
Poets, moreover, dwell on human passions. And with this point about the passions, we encounter Plato's dualism. The same sort of thinking plays so large a part in both Babbitt and More, that we must examine it in some detail. Plato feels that man has two competing aspects, his rational faculty and his irrational. We can be virtuous only if we control our lower natures, the passions in this case, and strengthen our rational side; and poetry, with all its emphasis on the passions, encourages the audience to give way to emotion. For this reason, then, poetry tends to weaken the power of control, the reason, because it tempts one to indulge his passions, and even the best of men, he maintains, may be corrupted by this subtle influence.   
Plato's attitude toward poetry has always been something of an enigma, because he is so completely sensitive to its charm. His whole objection, indeed, seems to rise out of a deep conviction that the poets <do> have great power to influence, but Plato seldom pays any attention to what might be called the poem itself. He is, rather, concerned with the effect on society and he wants the poets to join his fight for justice. He wants them to use their great power to strengthen man's rational side, to teach virtue, and to encourage religion.   
While Plato finally allows a few acceptable hymns to the gods and famous men, still he clearly leaves the way open for further discussion of the issue. He even calls upon the poets to defend the Muse and to show that poetry may contribute to virtue. He says: "  We may further grant to those of her [Poetry's] defenders who are lovers of poetry and yet not poets, the permission to speak in prose on her behalf: let them show not only that she is pleasant but also useful to States and to human life, and we will listen in a kindly spirit; for if this can be proved we shall surely be the gainers- I mean, if there is a use in poetry as well as a delight".

When we turn to Aristotle's ideas on the moral measure of literature, it is at once apparent that he is at times equally concerned about the influence of the art. In the ideal state, for instance, he argues that the young citizens should hear only the most carefully selected tales and stories. For this reason, he would banish indecent pictures and speeches from the stage; and the young people should not even be permitted to see comedies till they are old enough to drink strong wine and sit at the public tables. By the time they reach that age, however, Aristotle no longer worries about the evil influence of comedies.   
In Aristotle's analysis of tragedy in the <Poetics,> we find an attempt to isolate the art, to consider only those things proper to it, to discover how it differs from other arts, and to deal with the effects peculiar to it. He assures us, early in the <Poetics,> that all art is "imitation" and that all imitation gives pleasure, but he distinguishes between art in general and poetic art on the basis of the means, manner, and the objects of the imitation. Once the poetic arts are separated from the other forms, he lays down his famous definition of tragedy, which sets up standards and so lends direction to the remainder of the work. A tragedy, by his definition, is an imitation of an action that is serious, of a certain magnitude, and complete in itself. It should have a dramatic form with pleasing language, and it should portray incidents which so arouse pity and fear that it purges these emotions in the audience. Any tragedy, he maintains, has six elements: plot, character, and thought (the objects of imitation), diction and melody (the means of imitation), and spectacle (the manner of imitation). Throughout the rest of the <Poetics,> Aristotle continues to discuss the characteristics of these six parts and their interrelationship, and he refers frequently to the standards suggested by his definition of tragedy.   
Aristotle's method in the <Poetics,> then, does suggest that we should isolate the work. The Chicago contingent of modern critics follow Aristotle so far in this direction that it is hard to see how they can compare one poem with another for the purpose of evaluation. But there are, however, several features of Aristotle's approach which open the way for the moral measure of literature. For one thing, Aristotle mentions that plays may corrupt the audience. In addition, his definition of a tragedy invites our attention, because a serious and important action may very well be one that tests the moral fiber of the author or of the characters. And there is one other point in the poetics that invites moral evaluation: Aristotle's notion that the distinctive function of tragedy is to purge one's emotions by arousing pity and fear. He rejects certain plots because they do not contribute to that end. The point is that an ethical critic, with an assist from Freud, can seize on this theory to argue that tragedy provides us with a harmless outlet for our hostile urges. In his study <Samuel Johnson,> Joseph Wood Krutch takes this line when he says that what Aristotle really means by his theory of catharsis is that our evil passions may be so purged by the dramatic ritual that it is "less likely that we shall indulge them through our own acts". In Krutch's view, this is one way to show how literature may be moral in effect without employing the explicit methods of a moralist. And we can add that Krutch's interpretation of purgation is also one answer to Plato's fear that poetry will encourage our passions. If Krutch is correct, tragedy may have quite the opposite effect. It may allay our passions and so restore the rule of reason. Or in more Freudian terms, the experience may serve to sublimate our destructive urges and strengthen the ego and superego.

#GOSSON AND SIDNEY#

The second half of the sixteenth century in England was the setting for a violent and long controversy over the moral quality of renaissance literature, especially the drama. No one suggested that the ethical effects of the art were irrelevant. Both sides agreed that the theater must stand a moral test, but they could not agree on whether the poets were a good or a bad influence. Both sides claimed that Plato and Aristotle supported their cause. Those who wanted to close the theaters, for example, pointed to Plato's <Republic> and those who wished to keep them open called on the Plato of the <Ion> to testify in their behalf.

The most famous document that comes out of this dispute is perhaps Sir Philip Sidney's <An Apologie for Poetrie,> published in 1595. Many students of literature know that classical defense. What is not so well known, however, and what is quite important for understanding the issues of this early quarrel, is the kind of attack on literature that Sidney was answering. For this reason, then I want to describe, first, two examples of the puritanical attacks: Stephen Gosson's <The School of Abuse,> 1579, and his later <Playes Confuted,> published in 1582. Second, we will see how Sidney answered the charges, for while Sidney's essay was not specifically a reply to Gosson, his arguments do support the new theater. According to William Ringler's study, <Stephen Gosson,> the theater business in London had become a thriving enterprise by 1577, and, in the opinion of many, a thoroughly bad business. Aroused by what they considered an evil influence, some members of the clergy, joined by city authorities, merchants, and master craftsmen, began the attack on the plays and the actors for what they called "the abuses of the art", but by 1582 some of them began to denounce the whole idea of acting. Although this kind of wholesale objection came at first from some men who were not technically Puritans, still, once the Puritans gained power, they climaxed the affair by passing the infamous ordinance of 1642 which decreed that all "public stage-plays shall cease and be forborne". With that act of Parliament the opponents of the stage won the day, and for more than two decades after that England had no legitimate public drama.   
In the early days of this controversy over the theater one of the interested parties, Stephen Gosson, published a little tract in which he objected mildly to the abuses of art, rather than the art itself. But his opposition hardened and by 1579, in <The School of Abuse,> he was ready to banish all "players". He advises women to beware "of those places which in sorrows cheere you and beguile you in mirth". He does not really approve of levity and laughter, but sex is the deadly sin. He warns that a single glance can lead us into temptation, for "Looking eies have lyking hartes, and lyking hartes may burne in lust".

But it would not be very satisfactory to leave our conclusions at the point just reached. fortunately, it is possible to be somewhat more concrete and factual in diagnosing the involvement of values in education. For this purpose we now draw upon data from sociological and psychological studies of students in American colleges and universities, and particularly from the Cornell Values Studies. In the latter research program, information is available for 2,758 Cornell students surveyed in 1950 and for 1,571 students surveyed in 1952. Of the latter sample, 944 persons had been studied two years earlier; hence <changes> in attitudes and values can be analyzed for identical individuals at two points in time. In addition, the 1952 study collected comparable data from 4,585 students at ten other colleges and universities scattered across the country: Dartmouth, Harvard, Yale, Wesleyan, North Carolina, Fisk, Texas, University of California at Los Angeles, Wayne, and Michigan.   
We find, in the first place, that <the students overwhelmingly approve of higher education>, positively evaluate the job their own institution is doing, do not accept most of the criticisms levelled against higher education in the public prints, and, on the whole, approve of the way their university deals with value-problems and value inculcation. It is not our impression that these evaluations are naively uncritical resultants of blissful ignorance; rather, the generality of these students find their university experience congenial to their own sense of values.   
<Students are approximately equally divided between those who regard vocational preparation as the primary goal of an ideal education and those who chose a general liberal education>. Other conceivable goals, such as character-education and social adjustment, are of secondary importance to them. <The ideal of a liberal education impresses itself upon the students more and more as they move through college>. Even in such technical curricula as engineering, the senior is much more likely than the freshman to choose, as an ideal, liberal education over specific vocational preparation. In the university milieu of scholarship and research, of social diversity, of new ideas and varied and wide-ranging interests, "socialization" into a campus culture apparently means heightened appreciation of the idea of a liberal education in the arts and sciences.   
Students' <choices> of ideal educational goals <are not arbitrary or whimsical>. There is a clear relationship between their educational evaluations and their basic pattern of general values. The selective and directional qualities of basic value-orientations are clearly evident in these data: the "success-oriented" students choose vocational preparation, the "other-directed" choose goals of social adjustment ("getting along with people"), the "intellectuals" choose a liberal arts emphasis.

The same patterned consistency shows itself in occupational choices. There is <impressive consistency between specific occupational preferences and the student's basic conception of what is for him a good way of life>. And, contrary to many popular assertions, the <goal-values chosen do not seem to us to be primarily oriented to materialistic success nor to mere conformity>. Our students want occupations that permit them to use their talents and training, to be creative and original, to work with and to help other people. They also want money, prestige, and security. But they are <optimistic about their prospects> in these regards; they set <limits to their aspirations>- few aspire to millions of dollars or to "imperial" power and glory. Within the fixed frame of these aspirations, they can afford to place a high value on the expressive and people-oriented aspects of occupation and to minimize the instrumental-reward values of power, prestige, and wealth.   
Occupational choices are also useful- and interesting- in bringing out clearly that values do not constitute the only component in goals and aspirations. For there is also the "face of reality" in the form of the individual's perceptions of his own abilities and interests, of the objective possibilities open to him, of the familial and other social pressures to which he is exposed. We find "reluctant recruits" whose values are not in line with their expected occupation's characteristics. Students develop occupational images- not always accurate or detailed- and they try to fit their values to the presumed characteristics of the imagined occupation. The purely cognitive or informational problems are often acute. Furthermore, many reluctant recruits are yielding to social demands, or compromising in the face of their own limitations of opportunity, or of ability and performance. Thus, many a creativity-oriented aspirant for a career in architecture, drama, or journalism, resigns himself to a real estate business; many a people-oriented student who dreams of the M&D& decides to enter his father's advertising agency; and many a hopeful incipient business executive decides it were better to teach the theory of business administration than to practice it. The old ideal of the independent entrepreneur is extant- but so is the recognition that the main chance may be in a corporate bureaucracy.

In their views on dating, courtship, sex, and family life, our students prefer what they are expected to prefer. For them, in the grim words of a once-popular song, love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage. Their expressed standards concerning sex roles, desirable age for marriage, characteristics of an ideal mate, number of children desired are congruent with the values and stereotypes of the preceding generation- minus compulsive rebellion. They even accept the "double standard" of sex morality in a double sense, i&e&, both sexes agree that standards for men differ from standards for women, and women apply to both sexes a standard different from that held by men.   
"Conservatism" and "traditionalism" seem implied by what has just been said. But these terms are treacherous. <In the field of political values, it is certainly true that students are not radical, not rebels against their parents or their peers>. And as they go through college, the students tend to bring their political position in line with that prevalent in the social groups to which they belong. Yet they have accepted most of the extant "welfare state" provisions for health, security, and the regulation of economic affairs, and they overwhelmingly approve of the traditional "liberalism" of the Bill of Rights. When their faith in civil liberties is tested against strong pressures of social expediency in specific issues, e&g&, suppression of "dangerous ideas", many waver and give in. The students who are most willing to acquiesce in the suppression of civil liberties are also those who are most likely to be prejudiced against minority groups, to be conformist and traditionalistic in general social attitudes, and to lack a basic faith in people.

As one looks at the existing evidence, one finds a correlation, although only a slight one, between high grades and "libertarian" values. But the correlation is substantial only among upperclassmen. In other words, as students go through college, those who are most successful academically tend to become more committed to a "Bill of Rights" orientation. College in gross- just the general experience- may have varying effects, but the <the students who are successful emerge with strengthened and clarified democratic values>. This finding is consistent also with the fact that student leaders are more likely to be supporters of the values implicit in civil liberties than the other students.   
There is now substantial evidence from several major studies of college students that <the experience of the college years results in a certain, selective homogenization of attitudes and values>. Detached from their prior statuses and social groups and exposed to the pervasive stimuli of the university milieu, the students tend to assimilate a new common <culture>, to converge toward norms characteristic of their own particular campus. Furthermore, in certain respects, there are norms common to colleges and universities across the country. For instance, college-educated people consistently show up in study after study as more often than others supporters of the Bill of Rights and other democratic rights and liberties. The interesting thing in this connection is that the norms upon which students tend to converge include toleration of diversity. To the extent that our sampling of the orientations of American college students in the years 1950 and 1952 may be representative of our culture- and still valid in 1959- <we are disposed to question the summary characterization of the current generation as silent, beat, apathetic>, or as a mass of other-directed conformists who are guided solely by social radar without benefit of inner gyroscopes. Our data indicate that these students of today do basically accept the existing institutions of the society, and, in the face of the realities of complex and large-scale economic and political problems, make a wary and ambivalent delegation of trust to those who occupy positions of legitimized responsibility for coping with such collective concerns. <In a real sense they are admittedly conservative>, but their conservatism incorporates a traditionalized embodiment of the original "radicalism" of 1776. Although we have no measures of its strength or intensity, the heritage of the doctrine of inalienable rights is retained. As they move through the college years our young men and women are "socialized" into a broadly similar culture, at the level of personal behavior. In this sense also, they are surely conformists. It is even true that some among them use the sheer fact of conformity- "everyone does it"- as a criterion for conduct. But the extent of ethical robotism is easily overestimated. Few students are really so faceless in the not-so-lonely crowd of the swelling population in our institutions of higher learning. And it may be well to recall that to say "conformity" is, in part, another way of saying "orderly human society".   
In the field of religious beliefs and values, the college students seem to faithfully reflect the surrounding culture. Their commitments are, for the most part, couched in a familiar idiom. <Students testify to a felt need for a religious faith or ultimate personal philosophy. Avowed atheists or freethinkers are so rare as to be a curiosity>. The religious quest is often intense and deep, and there are students on every campus who are seriously wrestling with the most profound questions of meaning and value. At the same time, a major proportion of these young men and women see religion as a means of personal adjustment, an anchor for family life, a source of emotional security. These personal and social goals often overshadow the goals of intellectual clarity, and spiritual transcendence. The "cult of adjustment" does exist. It exists alongside the acceptance of traditional forms of organized religion (church, ordained personnel, ritual, dogma). Still another segment of the student population consists of those who seek, in what they regard as religion, intellectual clarity, rational belief, and ethical guidance and reinforcement.

Our first impression of the data was that the students were surprisingly orthodox and religiously involved. Upon second thought we were forced to realize that we have very few reliable historical benchmarks against which we might compare the present situation, and that conclusions that present-day students are "more" or "less" religious could not be defended on the basis of our data. As we looked more intently at the content of our belief and the extent of religious participation, we received the impression that many of the religious convictions expressed represented a conventional acceptance, of low intensity. But, here again, comparative benchmarks are lacking, and we do not know, in any case, what measure of profoundity and intensity to expect from healthy, young, secure and relatively inexperienced persons; after all, feelings of immortality and invulnerability are standard illusions of youth. Nor are optimistic and socially-oriented themes at all rare in the distinctive religious history of this country. Kluckhohn recently has summarized evidence regarding changes in values during a period of years, primarily 1935-1955, but extending much farther back in some instances. A variety of data are assembled to bear upon such alleged changes as diminished puritan morality, work-success ethic, individualism, achievement, lessened emphasis on future-time orientation in favor of sociability, moral relativism, consideration and tolerance, conformity, hedonistic present-time orientation. Although he questions the extent and nature of the alleged revival of religion and the alleged increase in conformity, and thinks that "hedonistic" present-time orientation does not have the meaning usually attributed to it, he does conclude that Americans increasingly enjoy leisure without guilt, do not stress achievement so much as formerly, are more accepting of group harmony as a goal, more tolerant of diversity and aware of other cultures.

From New Jersey, Morgan hastened to the headquarters of Washington at Whitemarsh, Pennsylvania, arriving there on November 18th. There was much sickness in the corps, and the men were, in addition, without the clothing, shoes, and blankets needed for the winter weather. Morgan himself had sciatica again. Even on his tough constitution, the exposure and strenuous activity were beginning to tell in earnest.

On the morning of November 17th, Cornwallis and 2,000 men had left Philadelphia with the object of capturing Fort Mercer at Red Bank, New Jersey. In order to prevent this, Washington hastened to dispatch several units to reinforce the fort, including a force under the Marquis de Lafayette containing some 160 of Morgan's riflemen, all who were fit for duty at this time, the rest having no shoes. Although the fort was evacuated in the face of the force of Cornwallis, Morgan and his men did have a chance to take another swing at the redcoats. A picket guard of about 350, mostly Hessians, were attacked by the Americans under Lafayette, and driven back to their camp, some twenty to thirty of them falling before the riflemen's fire.

"I never saw men", Lafayette declared in regard to the riflemen, "so merry, so spirited, and so desirous to go on to the enemy, whatever force they might have, as that small party in this fight". Nathanael Greene told Washington that "Lafayette was charmed with the spirited behavior of the militia and riflemen". A few days later it was learned that General Howe was planning an attack upon the American camp. The British general moved his forces north from Philadelphia to Chestnut Hill, near the right wing of the patriot encampment. Here the Pennsylvania militia skirmished with the British, but soon fled. Morgan was ordered to attack the enemy, who had meantime moved to Edge Hill on the left of the Americans. Similar orders were given to the Maryland militia. Morgan immediately disposed his troops for action and found he had not long to wait. A body of redcoats were seen marching down a nearby slope, a tempting target for the riflemen, who threw a volley into their ranks and "messed up" the smart formation considerably. Now the riflemen and the Marylanders followed up their beginning and closed in on the British, giving them another telling round of fire. The redcoats ran like rabbits. But the Maryland militia had likewise fled, all too typical of this type of soldier during the Revolution, an experience which gave Morgan little confidence in militia in general, as he watched other instances of their breaking in hot engagements. The British, although suffering considerable losses, noted the defection of the Marylanders, made a stand, then turned and attacked Morgan who became greatly outnumbered and had to retire.   
The Americans lost forty-four men, among them Major Joseph Morris of Morgan's regiment, an officer who was regarded with high esteem and affection, not only by his commander, but by Washington and Lafayette as well. The latter was so upset on learning of the death of Morris, that he wrote Morgan a letter, showing his own warmhearted generosity. After complimenting Morgan and the riflemen and saying he was praising them to Congress, too, the ardent Frenchman added he felt that Congress should make some financial restitution to the widow and family of Morris, but that he knew Morgan realized how long such action usually required, if it was done at all. "As Mrs& Morris may be in some want before that time", Lafayette continued, "I am going to trouble you with a commission which I beg you will execute with the greatest secrecy. If she wanted to borrow any sum of money in expecting the arrangements of Congress, it would not become a stranger, unknown to her, to offer himself for that purpose. But you could (as from yourself) tell her that you had friends who, being with the army, don't know what to do with their money and **h would willingly let her have one or many thousand dollars". This was accordingly done, and the plight of the grateful Mrs& Morris was much relieved as a result of the generous loan, the amount of which is not known.   
Apparently still sensitive about the idea with which General Gates had approached him at Saratoga, namely, that George Washington be replaced, Morgan was vehement in his support of the commander-in-chief during the campaign around Philadelphia. Richard Peters, Secretary of the Board of War, thought Morgan was so extreme on the subject that he accused him of trying to pick a quarrel. Morgan hotly denied this and informed the Board of War that the men in camp linked the name of Peters with the plot against Washington. Peters insisted that this impression was a great misunderstanding, and evidently, from the quarrel, obtained an unfavorable impression of Morgan's judgment. Such a situation regarding the Board of War could hardly have helped Morgan's chances for promotion when that matter came before the group later on.   
In late December, the American army moved from Whitemarsh to Valley Forge, and although the distance was only 13 miles, the journey took more than a week because of the bad weather, the barefooted and almost naked men. The position of the new camp was admirably selected and well fortified, its easily defensible nature being one good reason why Howe did not attack it. Besides helping to prevent the movement of the British to the west, Valley Forge also obstructed the trade between Howe's forces and the farmers, thus threatening the vital subsistence of the redcoats and rendering their foraging to obtain necessary supplies extremely hazardous. In order to see that this hindering situation remained effective, Washington detached several bodies of his troops to the periphery of the Philadelphia area.   
Morgan and his corps were placed on the west side of the Schuylkill River, with instructions to intercept all supplies found going to the city and to keep a close eye on the movements of the enemy. The headquarters of Morgan was on a farm, said to have been particularly well located so as to prevent the farmers nearby from trading with the British, a practice all too common to those who preferred to sell their produce for British gold rather than the virtually worthless Continental currency. In his dealings with offenders, however, Morgan was typically firm but just. For example, he captured some persons from York County, who with teams were taking to Philadelphia the furniture of a man who had just been released from prison through the efforts of his wife, and who apparently was helpless to prevent the theft of his household goods. Morgan took charge of the furniture and restored it to its thankful owners, but he let the culprits who had stolen it go free.

Morgan complained to Washington about the men detailed to him for scouting duty, most of them he said being useless. "They straggle at such a rate", he told the commander-in-chief, "that if the enemy were enterprising, they might get two from us, when we would take one of them, which makes me wish General Howe would go on, lest any incident happen to us".   
If the hardships of the winter at Valley Forge were trying for healthy men, they were, of course, much more so for those not in good health. Daniel Morgan's rheumatic condition worsened with the increase of the cold and damp weather. He had braved the elements and the enemy, but the strain, aided by the winter, was catching up with him at last. Also, he was now forty-three years old. The mild activity of his command during the sojourn of the troops at Valley Forge could be handled by a subordinate, he felt, so like Henry Knox, equally loyal to Washington, who went to Boston at this time, Morgan received permission to visit his home in Virginia for several weeks. In his absence, the rifle regiment was under the command of Major Thomas Posey, another able Virginian. But Morgan did not leave before he had written a letter to a William Pickman in Salem, Massachusetts, apparently an acquaintance, praising Washington and saying that the slanders propagated about him were "opposed by the general current of the people **h to exalt General Gates at the expense of General Washington was injurious to the latter. If there be a disinterested patriot in America, 'tis General Washington, and his bravery, none can question".   
It is doubtful if Morgan was able to take home much money to his wife and children, for his pay, as shown by the War Department Abstracts of early 1778 was $75 a month as a colonel, and that apt to be delayed. He was shown a warm welcome regardless, and spent the time in Winchester recuperating from his ailment, enjoying his family and arranging his private affairs which were, of course, run down. His neighbors celebrated his return, even if it was only temporary, and Morgan was especially gratified by the quaint expression of an elderly friend, Isaac Lane, who told him, "A man that has so often left all that is dear to him, as thou hast, to serve thy country, must create a sympathetic feeling in every patriotic heart".   
There must have been special feelings of joy and patriotism in the heart of Daniel Morgan too, when the news was received on April 30th of the recognition by France of the independence of the United States. His fellow Virginian, George Washington, had stated, "I believe no event was ever received with more heartfelt joy". The dreary camp at Valley Forge was turned into an arena of rejoicing. Even the dignified Washington indulged in a game of wickets with some children. His soldiers on the whole did not celebrate so mildly. On May 6th, Morgan, who had returned, received from Washington orders to "send out patrols under vigilant officers" to keep near the enemy. "The reason for this", the orders said, "is that the enemy may think to take advantage of the celebration of this day. The troops must have more than the common quantity of liquor, and perhaps there will be some little drunkenness among them".   
Apparently no serious disorders resulted from the celebration, and within a few days, Morgan joined the force of Lafayette who now had command of some 2,000 men at Barren Hill, not far above Philadelphia on the Schuylkill. The Frenchman had been ordered to approach the enemy's lines, harass them and get intelligence of their movements. Interestingly enough, the order transmitted to Morgan through Alexander Hamilton also informed him that "A party of Indians will join the party to be sent from your command at Whitemarsh, and act with them". These were Oneida Indians. Washington evidently was anxious for Morgan to be cautious as well as aggressive, for on May 17th, 18th and 20th he admonished the leader of the riflemen-rangers to be on the alert. Obviously the commander-in-chief had confidence that Morgan would furnish him good intelligence too, for on the 23rd of May, he told Morgan that the British were prepared to move, perhaps in the night, and asked Morgan to have two of his best horses ready to dispatch to General Smallwood with the intelligence obtained. Meantime, however, this same General Smallwood seemed to be serving chivalry as well as the American army. Colonel Benjamin Ford wrote to Morgan from Wilmington that he understood a Mrs& Sanderson from Maryland had obtained permission from Smallwood to visit Philadelphia, and would return on May 26th, escorted by several officers from Maryland "belonging to the new levies in the British service". Ford urged Morgan to capture these men, who, he thought, might be disguised as Quakers or peasants. Morgan took the suggested steps, but when Mrs& Sanderson appeared, there was nobody with her but her husband, whom he promptly sent to headquarters to be questioned. But Morgan evidently reported matters of intelligence much more important to his commanding general. A letter of a few days later from Washington's aide to Morgan stated, "His Excellency is highly pleased with your conduct upon this occasion". For by now the original cause of the quarrel, Philip's seizure of Gascony, was only one strand in the spider web of French interests that overlay all western Europe and that had been so well and closely spun that the lightest movement could set it trembling from one end to the other. Even so, Edward's ambassadors can scarcely have foreseen that five years of unremitting work lay ahead of them before peace was finally made and that when it did come the countless embassies that left England for Rome during that period had very little to do with it.   
It is hard not to lay most of the blame for their failures on the pope. Nogaret is hardly an impartial witness, and even he did not make his charges against Boniface until the latter was dead, but there is some truth in what he said and more in what he did not say. It was not merely a hunger for "money, gold and precious objects" that delayed the papal pronouncement that could have brought the war to an end; the pope was playing a dangerous game, with so many balls in the air at once that a misstep would bring them all about his ears, and his only hope was to temporize so that he could take advantage of every change in the delicate balance of European affairs. When the negotiations began, his quarrel with the king of France was temporarily in abeyance, and he had no intention of reviving it so long as there was hope that French money would come to pay the troops who, under Charles of Valois, the papal vicar of Tuscany, were so valuable in the crusade against the Colonna cardinals and their Sicilian allies. If his circumspection in regard to Philip's sensibilities went so far that he even refused to grant a dispensation for the marriage of Amadee's daughter, Agnes, to the son of the dauphin of Vienne- a truly peacemaking move according to thirteenth-century ideas, for Savoy and Dauphine were as usual fighting on opposite sides- for fear that he might seem to be favoring the anti-French coalition, he would certainly never take the far more drastic step of ordering the return of Gascony to Edward, even though, as he admitted to the English ambassadors, he had been advised that the original cession was invalid. On the other hand, he did not want to offend Edward either, and he found himself in a very difficult position. On the surface, the whole question was purely feudal. The French were now occupying Gascony and Flanders on the technical grounds that their rulers had forfeited them by a breach of the feudal contract. But Edward was invading Scotland for precisely the same reason, and his insubordinate vassal was the ally of the king of France. Boniface had to uphold the sacredness of the feudal contract at all costs, for it was only as suzerain of Sicily and of the Patrimony of Peter that he had any justification for his Italian wars, but in the English-Scottish-French triangle it was almost impossible for him to recognize the claims of any one of the contestants without seeming to invalidate those of the other two.   
Because of these involvements in the matter at stake, Boniface lacked the impartiality that is supposed to be an essential qualification for the position of arbiter, and in retrospect that would seem to be sufficient reason why the English embassies to the Curia proved so fruitless. But when the situation was so complicated that even Nogaret, one of the principal actors in the drama, could misinterpret the pope's motives, it is possible that Othon and his companions, equally baffled, attributed their difficulties to a more immediate cause. This was Boniface's monumental tactlessness. "Tact", by its very derivation, implies that its possessor keeps in touch with other people, but the author of <Clericis Laicos> and <Unam Sanctam>, the wielder of the two swords, the papal sun of which the imperial moon was but a dim reflection, the peer of Caesar and vice-regent of Christ, was so high above other human beings that he had forgotten what they were like. He was a learned and brilliant man, one of the best jurists in Europe and with flashes of penetrating insight, and yet in his dealings with other people, particularly when he tried to be ingratiating, he was capable of an abysmal stupidity that can have come only from a complete incomprehension of human nature and human motives.

This lofty disregard for others was not shared by such men as Pierre Flotte and his associates, that "brilliant group of mediocre men", as Powicke calls them, who provided the brains for the French embassy that came to Rome under the nominal leadership of the archbishop of Narbonne, the duke of Burgundy, and the count of St&-Pol. They had risen from humble beginnings by their own diligence and astuteness, they were unfettered by the codes that bound nobles like Othon or even the older generation of clerks like Hotham, and they were working for an end that their opponents had never even visualized. Boniface was later to explain to the English that Robert of Burgundy and Guy de St&-Pol were easy enough to do business with; it was the clerks who caused the mischief and who made him say that the ruling passion of their race was covetousness and that in dealing with them he never knew whether he had to do with a Frenchman or with a devil. To the pope, head of the universal Church, to the duke of Burgundy, taking full advantage of his position on the borders of France and of the Empire, or to Othon, who found it quite natural that he should do homage to Edward for Tipperary and to the count of Savoy for Grandson, Flotte's outspoken nationalism was completely incomprehensible. And yet he made no pretense about it; when the pope, trying no doubt to appeal to his better nature, said to him, "You have already taken Normandy. Do you want to drive the king of England from all his overseas possessions"? the Frenchman's answer was a terse "Vous dites vrai". Loyal and unscrupulous, with a single-minded ambition to which he devoted all his energies, he outmatched the English diplomats time and time again until, by a kind of poetic justice, he fell at the battle of Courtrai, the victim of the equally nationalistic if less articulate Flemings.   
The English, relying on a prejudiced arbiter and confronted with superior diplomatic skill, were also hampered in their negotiations by the events that were taking place at home. The Scots had found a new leader in William Wallace, and Edward's yearly expeditions across the Border called for evermounting taxes, which only increased his difficulties with the barons and the clergy. He was unable to send any more help to his allies on the Continent, and during the next few years many of them, left to resist French pressure unaided, surrendered to the inevitable and made their peace with Philip. The defeat and death of Adolf of Nassau at the hands of Albert of Habsburg also worked to the disadvantage of the English, for all the efforts to revive the anti-French coalition came to nothing when Philip made an alliance with the new king of the Romans.   
These shifts in alliance and allegiance not only increased the difficulties confronting the English embassy as a whole, but also directly involved the two Savoyards, Amadee and Othon. In spite of the armistice negotiated by Amadee two years earlier, the war between Bishop Guillaume of Lausanne and Louis of Savoy was still going on, and although little is known about it, that little proves that it was yet another phase of the struggle against French expansion and was closely interwoven with the larger conflict. A second truce had been arbitrated in April, 1298, by Jean d'Arlay, lord of Chalon-sur-Saone, the most staunch of Edward's Burgundian allies, and these last were represented in the discussions at the Curia by Gautier de Montfaucon, Othon's neighbor and a member of the Vaudois coalition.   
But although in many of these discussions Othon and Amadee might have been tempted to consider their own interests as well as those of the king, Edward's confidence in them was so absolute that they were made the acknowledged leaders of the embassy. Amadee may have owed this partly to his relationship with the king, but Othon, who at sixty seems still to have been a simple knight, merited his position solely by his own character and ability. The younger men, Vere, and Pembroke, who was also Edward's cousin and whose Lusignan blood gave him the swarthy complexion that caused Edward of Carnarvon's irreverent friend, Piers Gaveston, to nickname him "Joseph the Jew", were relatively new to the game of diplomacy, but Pontissara had been on missions to Rome before, and Hotham, a man of great learning, "jocund in speech, agreeable to meet, of honest religion, and pleasing in the eyes of all", and an archbishop to boot, was as reliable and experienced as Othon himself. But all the reports of this first embassy show that the two Savoyards were the heads of it, for they were the only ones who were empowered to swear for the king that he would abide by the pope's decision and who were allowed to appoint deputies in the event that one was unavoidably absent.   
This also gave them the unpleasant duty of being spokesmen for the mission, and they could foresee that that would not be easy. Underneath all the high-sounding phrases of royal and papal letters and behind the more down-to-earth instructions to the envoys was the inescapable fact that Edward would have to desert his Flemish allies and leave them to the vengeance of their indignant suzerain, the king of France, in return for being given an equally free hand with the insubordinate Scots. This was a doubly bitter blow to the king. In the eyes of those who still cared for such things, it was a reflection on his honor, and it gave further grounds for complaint to his overtaxed subjects, who were already grumbling- although probably not in Latin- "Non est lex sana Quod regi sit mea lana". Bad relations between England and Flanders brought hard times to the shepherds scattered over the dales and downs as well as to the crowded Flemish cities, and while the English, so far, had done no more than grumble, Othon had seen what the discontent might lead to, for before he left the Low Countries the citizens of Ghent had risen in protest against the expense of supporting Edward and his troops, and the regular soldiers had found it unexpectedly difficult to put down the nasty little riot that ensued.   
In all the talk of feudal rights, the knights and bishops must never forget the woolworkers, nor was it easy to do so, for all along the road to Italy they passed the Florentine pack trains going home with their loads of raw wool from England and rough Flemish cloth, the former to be spun and woven by the Arte della Lana and the latter to be refined and dyed by the Arte della Calimala with the pigment recently discovered in Asia Minor by one of their members, Bernardo Rucellai, the secret of which they jealously kept for themselves. These chatty merchants made amusing and instructive traveling companions, for their business took them to all four corners of the globe, and Florentine gossip had already reached a high stage of development as even a cursory glance at the <Inferno> will prove. A northern ambassador, willing to keep his mouth shut and his ears open, could learn a lot that would stand him in good stead at the Curia.   
They had other topics of conversation, besides their news from courts and fairs, which were of interest to Othon, the builder of castles in Wales and churches in his native country. Behind him lay the Low Countries, where men were still completing the cathedrals that a later Florentine would describe as "a malediction of little tabernacles, one on top of the other, with so many pyramids and spires and leaves that it is a wonder they stand up at all, for they look as though they were made of paper instead of stone or marble"; the Low Countries, where the Middle Ages were to last for another two centuries and die out only when Charles the Bold of Burgundy met his first defeat in the fields and forests below the walls of Grandson. It usually turned out well for him because either he liked the right people or there were only a few wrong people in the town. Alfred wanted to invest in my father's hotel and advance enough money to build a larger place. It was a very tempting offer. My father would have done it if it hadn't been for my mother, who had a fear of being in debt to anyone- even Alfred Alpert.   
In spite of his being well liked there were a few people who were very careful about Alfred. They had my mother's opinion of him: that he was too sharp or a little too good to be true. One of the people who was afraid of Alfred was his own brother, Lew. I don't know how and I don't know why but the two stores, the one in Margaretville and the one in Fleischmanns that had been set up as a partnership, were dissolved, separated from each other. Everything was all very friendly, except when it came to Harry, the youngest brother. Alfred, who was a good deal older than Harry, had treated him like a son, and when Harry decided to stay in business with Lew instead of going with Alfred, Alfred looked on the decision as a betrayal. From that day on he never spoke to Harry or to Lew, or to Lew's two boys, Mort and Jimmy. The six miles between the towns became an ocean and the Alperts became a family of strangers.   
Time went on and everybody got older. I became fifteen, sixteen, then twenty, and still Tessie Alpert sat on the porch with a rose in her hair, and Alfred got richer and sicker with diabetes. It was in the spring of the year when he took to his bed and Tessie and Alfred found out that they didn't know each other. They were like two strangers. The store was their marriage, and when Alfred had to leave it there was nothing to hold them together. Tessie, everybody thought, was a strong woman, but she was only strong because she had Alfred to lean on. And when Alfred was forced into his bed, Tessie left the front porch of the store and sat at home, rocking in her rocker in the living room, staring out the window- the rose still in her hair. Tessie could do nothing for Alfred. She couldn't cook or clean or make him comfortable. Instead she waited for Alfred to get better and take care of her.   
Spring was life- and Alfred Alpert in his sickroom was death. Alfred knew that, too. I remember him pointing out of the window and saying that he wished he could live to see another spring but that he wouldn't.   
Alfred began to put his affairs in order, and he went about it like a man putting his things into storage. My father, who liked Alfred very much, was a constant visitor. One day Alfred told him that he had decided to leave everything to me. My father, a wise man, asked him not to. He knew Alfred liked me; if he wanted to leave me something let it be a trinket, nothing else. By leaving me everything he wouldn't be doing me a favor, my father told him, and he didn't want to see his daughter involved in a lawsuit. He didn't want Alfred to leave me trouble because that's all it would be, and Alfred understood.

Alfred was getting too sick to stay in his own home. The doctor wanted him in a hospital; the nearest one was forty miles away in Kingston. The day Alfred left his home and Fleischmanns he gave up the convictions of a lifetime. He sent me for Meltzer the Butcher, whom he wanted not as a friend but as a rabbi.   
Meltzer knew why I had come for him. Solemnly he walked me back to Alfred's house without a word passing between us. He entered the house in silence, walked into Alfred's room, and closed the door behind him. I sat down to wait, and I watched Tessie Alpert, who hadn't moved or said a word but kept staring out of the window.   
For a few minutes there was nothing to hear. Then Meltzer's voice, quiet, calm, strong, started the Kaddish, the prayer for the dead. I could hear Alfred's voice a few words behind Meltzer's like a counterpoint, punctuated by sobs of sorrow and resignation. There was a finality in the rhythm of the prayer- it was the end of a life, the end of hope, and the wondering if there would ever be another beginning.

Meltzer stayed with Alfred, and when the door opened they both came out. Alfred was dressed for his trip to the hospital. The car was waiting for him. Alfred, leaning on Meltzer, stopped for a minute to look at Tessie. She didn't turn away from the window. Alfred nodded a little nod and went out through the door.   
Outside, his brother Harry was waiting for him- he had come to say good-bye. Alfred walked past him without a word and got into the car. Harry ran to the side of the car where Alfred was sitting and looked at him, begging him to speak. Alfred looked straight ahead. The car began to move and Harry ran after it crying, "Alfred! Alfred! Speak to me". But the car moved off and Alfred just looked straight ahead. Harry followed the car until it reached the main road and turned towards Kingston. He stood there watching until it had gone from his sight.

I went to visit Alfred in the Kingston Hospital a few times. The first time I went there he asked me to bring him water from Flagler's well- water that reminded him of his first days in the mountains- and before I came the next time I filled a five-gallon jug for him and brought it to the hospital. I don't think he ever got to drink any of it.   
The jug stayed at the hospital and the water- what can happen to water?- it evaporated, disappeared, and came back to the earth as rain- maybe for another well or another stream or another Alfred Alpert.

#12 "WHERE IS IT WRITTEN"?#

Mr& Banks was always called Banks the Butcher until he left town and the shop passed over to Meltzer the Scholar who then became automatically Meltzer the Butcher. Meltzer was a boarder with the Banks family. He came to Fleischmanns directly from the boat that brought him to America from Russia. He was a learned man and a very gentle soul. He was filled with knowledge of the Bible and the Talmud. He knew the whyfores and the wherefores but he was weak, very weak, on the therefores. Banks the Butcher took Meltzer the Scholar as an apprentice and he made it very clear that a man of learning must be able to do more than just quote the Commentaries of the Talmud in order to live. So Meltzer learned a new trade from Banks, who supplied the town and the hotels with meat.   
Banks had a family- a wife, a daughter, and a son. The daughter, Lilly, was a very good friend of mine and I always had hopes that someday she and Meltzer would find each other. They lived in the same house and it didn't seem to be such a hard thing to do, but the sad realities of Lilly's life and the fact that Meltzer didn't love her never satisfied my wishful thinking.   
Banks the Butcher was a hard master and a hard father, a man who didn't seem to know the difference between the living flesh of his family and the hanging carcasses of his stock in trade. He treated both with equal indifference and with equal contempt; perhaps he was a little more sympathetic to the sides of beef that hung silently from his hooks.   
Lilly Banks and I became friends. She was the opposite of everything she should have been- a positive pole in a negative home, a living reaction of warmth and kindness to the harsh reality of her father. And Lilly's whole family seemed to be an apology for Mr& Banks. Her brother Karl was a very gentle soul, her mother was a quiet woman who said little but who had hard, probing eyes. For every rude word of Mr& Banks's the family had five in apology.   
Every chance I got I left the hotel to visit Lilly. I was free but she was bound to her duties that not even the coming of Meltzer lightened. She had to clean the glass on the display cases in the butcher shop, help her brother scrub the cutting tables with wire brushes, mop the floors, put down new sawdust on the floors and help check the outgoing orders. When these chores were finished, only then, was she allowed whatever freedom she could find.

I helped Lilly in the store. To me it was a game, to her it was the deadly seriousness of life. I wanted to help so that we could find time to play. And Lilly allowed me to help so that she could have her few little hours of escape.   
When the work was finished, we would walk. The road past the butcher shop took us along the side of a stream. It ran north, away from the town and the people, through woods and past the nothingness of a graveyard.   
Lilly preferred the loneliness of that walk. I would have liked the town and the busyness of its people but I always followed Lilly into the peace of the silent and unstaring road.   
It wasn't hard to understand. To me Lilly was a fine and lovely girl. To people who didn't know her she was a gawky, badly dressed kid whose arms were too long, whose legs were a little too bony. She had the hips of a boy and a loose-jointed walk that reminded me of a string of beads strolling down the street. And she had the kind of crossed eyes that shocked. It was unexpected, unexpected because Lilly walked with her head bent down, down, and her mark of friendship was to look into your face. I accepted her crossed eyes as she accepted my childishness; childishness compared to her grown-up understanding that life was a punishment for as yet undisclosed sins. We were almost the same age, she was fifteen, I was twelve, and where I felt there was a life to look forward to Lilly felt she had had as much of it as was necessary.   
When we went for our walks Lilly's brother would come along every once in a while. Karl was an almost exact copy of his father physically and it was strange to see the expected become the unexpected. This huge hulk played the guitar and he would take it along on our walks and play for us as we sat alone in the woods or by the stream. Karl played well and his favorite song was a Schubert lullaby. He spoke no German but he could sing it and the words of the song were the only ones he knew in a foreign language. The song, he said, was called "The Stream's Lullaby", and when he sang, "Gute ruh, Gute ruh, Mach't die augen zu" there was such longing and such simple sadness that it frightened me. Later, when I was older, I found the song was part of Schubert's <Die Scho^ne Mu^llerin>. And even hearing it in a concert hall surrounded by hundreds of people the words and the melody would make me a little colder and I would reach out for my husband's hand.   
The brother and sister seemed to be a sort of mutual-aid society, a little fortress of kindness for each other in a hard world. I felt very flattered to be included in the protection of their company even though I had nothing to be protected from.

The turn of the century, or to be more precise, the two decades preceeding and following it, marks a great change in the history of early English scholarship. At the bottom of this change were great strides forward in the technical equipment and technical standards of the historian. In archaeology, for example, the contributions of Frederick Haverfield and Reginald Smith to the various volumes of the Victoria County Histories raised the discipline from the status of an antiquarian pastime to that of the most valuable single tool of the early English historian. And with the publication of E& T& Leeds' <Archaeology of the Anglo-Saxon Settlements> the student was presented with an organized synthesis of the archaeological data then known.   
What was true for archaeology was also true of place-name studies. The value of place-names in the reconstruction of early English history had long been recognized. Place-names, in fact, had been extensively utilized for this purpose from the time of Camden onwards. Without a precise knowledge of Germanic philology, however, it is debatable whether their use was not more often a source of confusion and error than anything else. Even in the nineteenth century such accomplished philologists as Kemble and Guest were led into what now seem ludicrous errors because of their failure to recognize that modern forms of place names are not necessarily the result of logical philological development. It was therefore not until the publication of J&H& Round's "The Settlement of the South and East Saxons", and W&H& Stevenson's "Dr& Guest and the English Conquest of South Britain", that a scientific basis for place-name studies was established.   
Diplomatic is another area for which the dawn of the twentieth century marks the beginning of modern standards of scholarship. Although because of the important achievements of nineteenth century scholars in the field of textual criticism the advance is not so striking as it was in the case of archaeology and place-names, the editorial principles laid down by Stevenson in his great edition of Asser and in his <Crawford Charters> were a distinct improvement upon those of his predecessors and remain unimproved upon today.   
In sum, it can be said that the techniques and standards of present day have their origin at the turn of the century. And it is this, particularly the establishment of archaeology and place-name studies on a scientific basis, which are immediately pertinent to the Saxon Shore.   
Almost inevitably, the first result of this technological revolution was a reaction against the methods and in many cases the conclusions of the Oxford school of Stubbs, Freeman and (particularly) Green regarding the nature of the Anglo-Saxon conquest of Britain. Even before the century was out the tide of reaction had set in. Charles Plummer in the introduction and notes to his splendid edition of Bede voiced some early doubts concerning the "elaborate superstructure" they raised up over the slim foundations afforded by the traditional narratives of the conquest. It was Plummer, in fact, who coined the much quoted remark: "Mr& Green indeed writes as if he had been present at the landing of the Saxons and had watched every step of their subsequent progress". Sir Henry Howorth, writing in 1898, put himself firmly in the Lappenburg-Kemble tradition by attacking the veracity of the West Saxon annals.

Early in the present century, W& H& Stevenson continued the attack with a savage article against Guest. Following him in varying degrees of scepticism were T&W& Shore, H&M& Chadwick, Thomas Hodgkin and F& G& Beck. By 1913, Ferdinand Lot could begin an article subtitled "<La conquete de la Grande-Bretagne par les Saxons>" with the words, "<Il est difficile aujourd 'hui d'entretenir des illusions sur la valeur du recit traditionnel de la conquete de la Grande-Bretagne> **h". It is also worthy of note that Lot cited both Kemble and Lappenberg with favor in that article. It would seem that the wheel had turned full circle.

In fact, modern scholarly opinion in the main has not retreated all the way back to the destructive scepticism of the first half of the nineteenth century. Although one meets with occasional extremists like Zachrisson or, very recently, Arthur Wade-Evans the majority of scholars have taken a middle position between the extremes of scepticism and gullibility. Most now admit that Bede, Gildas, Nennius and the Anglo-Saxon Chronicles cannot be the infallible guides to early English history that Guest, Freeman and Green thought them to be. As R&H& Hodgkin has remarked: "The critical methods of the nineteenth century shattered most of this picturesque narrative. On the other hand, the consensus of opinion is that, used with caution and in conjunction with other types of evidence, the native sources still provide a valid rough outline for the English settlement of southern Britain. As Sir Charles Oman once said, "it is no longer fashionable to declare that we can say nothing certain about Old English origins".   
Therefore, in one way Kemble and Lappenberg have been vindicated. Their conclusions concerning the untrustworthiness of the West Saxon annals, the confused chronology of Bede, the unreliability of the early positions of the Anglo-Saxon genealogies and the mythological elements contained in Nennius are now mostly accepted. Nevertheless, in another way modern historians still labor in the vineyard of the Oxford school. For it is their catastrophic concept of the Anglo-Saxon invasions rather than Kemble's gradualist approach which dominates the field. Despite the rejection of the traditional accounts on many points of detail, as late as 1948 it was still possible to postulate a massive and comparatively sudden (beginning in ca& 450) influx of Germans as the type of invasions.   
At this point, of course, the issue has become complicated by a development unforeseen by Lappenberg and Kemble. They, however much they were in disagreement with the late Victorians over the method by which Britain was Germanized, agreed with them that the end result was the complete extinction of the previous Celtic population and civilization. But beginning, for all practical purposes, with Frederick Seebohm's <English Village Community> scholars have had to reckon with a theory involving institutional and agrarian continuity between Roman and Anglo-Saxon times which is completely at odds with the reigning concept of the Anglo-Saxon invasions. Against Seebohm formidable foes have taken the field, notably F& W& Maitland, <whose Domesday Book and Beyond> was written expressly for this purpose, and Sir Paul Vinogradoff whose <The Growth of the Manor> had a similar aim. Largely due to their efforts the catastrophic invasion-theory has maintained its position although Seebohm has always found supporters. H&L& Gray in his <English Field Systems> and Zachrisson's <Romans, Kelts and Saxons> defended in part the Seebohm thesis while at the present time H&P&R& Finberg and Gordon Copley seem to fall into the Celtic survivalist camp. This is nevertheless a minority view. Most scholars, while willing to accept a survival (revival?) of Celtic art forms and a considerable proportion of the Celtic population, reject any institutional legacy from pre-Anglo-Saxon Britain.   
Therefore, it is plain that the clear distinctions of the nineteenth century are no longer with us. In the main stream of historical thinking is a group of scholars, H&M& Chadwick, R&H& Hodgkin, Sir Frank Stenton et al& who are in varying degrees sceptical of the native traditions of the conquest but who defend the catastrophic type of invasion suggested by them. They, in effect, have compromised the opposing positions of the nineteenth century. On the other side are the Celtic survivalists who have taken a tack divergent from both these schools of nineteenth century thought. As a group they should be favorable to a concept of gradual Germanic infiltration although the specialist nature of much of their work, e&g& Seebohm, Gray and Finberg, tends to obscure their sympathies. Those who do have occasion to deal with the invasions in a more general way, like T&W& Shore and Arthur Wade-Evans, are on the side of a gradual and often peaceful Germanic penetration into Britain. Wade-Evans, in fact, denies that there were any Anglo-Saxon invasions at all other than a minor Jutish foray in A&D& 514.   
Now omitting for a moment some recent developments we can say the Saxon Shore hypothesis of Lappenberg and Kemble has undergone virtual eclipse in this century. It is no longer possible to say that a sceptical attitude towards the received accounts of the invasions almost automatically produces a "shore occupied by" interpretation. Everyone is more or less sceptical and virtually no one has been willing to accept Lappenberg or Kemble's position on that point. One reason is, of course, that the new scepticism has been willing to maintain the general picture of the invasions as portrayed in the traditional sources. The few scholars who have adopted the "shore occupied by" interpretation, Howorth, Shore, and Wade-Evans, have all been Celtic survivalists. Moreover, they have done so in rather special circumstances.   
The primary reason for the abandonment of the "shore occupied by" thesis has been the assimilation and accumulation of archaeological evidence, the most striking feature of early English studies in this century. Again omitting recent developments, E&T& Leeds' dictum of 1913 has stood unchallenged: "So far as archaeology is concerned, there is not the least warrant for the second (shore occupied by) of these theories". Even earlier Haverfield had come to the same conclusion. What they meant was that there was no evidence to show that the south and east coasts of Britain received Germanic settlers conspicuously earlier than some other parts of England. That is, there was no trace of Anglo-Saxons in Britain as early as the late third century, to which time the archaeological evidence for the erection of the Saxon Shore forts was beginning to point. In the face of a clear judgment from archaeology, therefore, it became impossible for a time for scholars to re-adopt the "shore settled by" theory.   
In recent years, however, a wind of change seems to be blowing through early English historical circles. The great increase in the amount of archaeological activity, and therefore information, in the years immediately preceeding and following the Second World War has brought to light data which has changed the complection of the Saxon Shore dispute. Where there were none fifteen years ago, several scholars currently are edging their way cautiously towards the acceptance of the "shore occupied by" position. We must, therefore, have a look at the new archaeological material and re-examine the literary and place-name evidence which bears upon the problem. #@#

What exactly are we trying to prove? We know that the Saxon Shore was a phenonenon of late Roman defensive policy; in other words its existence belongs to the period of Roman Britain. So whenever the Romans finally withdrew from the island, the Saxon Shore disappeared in the first decade of the fifth century. We also know that the Saxon Shore as reflected in the <Notitia> was created as a part of the Theodosian reorganization of Britain (post-A&D& 369). My argument is that there was no Saxon Shore prior to that time even though the forts had been in existence since the time of Carausius. Therefore, what we must prove or disprove is that there were Saxons, in the broad sense in which we must construe the word, in the area of the Saxon Shore at the time it was called the Saxon Shore. That is, we must find Saxons in East Anglia, Kent, Sussex and Hampshire in the last half of the fourth century.   
The problem, in other words, is strictly a chronological one. In Gaul the Saxon element on its Saxon Shore was plainly visible because there the Saxons were an intrusive element in the population. In Britain, obviously, the archaeological and place-name characteristics of the Saxon Shore region are bound to be Saxon. It is a matter of trying to sort out an earlier fourth-century Saxon element from the later, fifth-century mainstream of Anglo-Saxon invasions. This, naturally, will be difficult to do since both the archaeological and place-name evidence in this period, with some fortunate exceptions, is insufficient for precise chronological purposes.   
It might be well to consider the literary evidence first because it can provide us with an answer to one important question; namely, is the idea that there were Saxon mercenaries in England at all reasonable? To do so, something was necessary beyond volunteering because there was little glamour or romance in the European war; it meant instead hardship, dirt, and death.   
Baker gave Leonard Wood credit for the initiation of the draft of soldiers; from the General's idea a chain reaction occurred. Wood took the proposal to Chief of Staff Hugh L& Scott, who passed it on to Baker a month before the actual declaration of war against Germany. The Secretary of War gave his assent after studying the history of the draft in the American Civil War as well as the British volunteer system in World War /1,. He concluded that selective service would not only prevent the disorganization of essential war industries but would avoid the undesirable moral effects of the British reliance on enlistment only- "where the feeling of the people was whipped into a frenzy by girls pinning white feathers on reluctant young men, orators preaching hate of the Germans, and newspapers exaggerating enemy outrages to make men enlist out of motives of revenge and retaliation". Baker took the plan to Wilson who said: "Baker, this is plainly right on any ground. Start to prepare the necessary legislation so that if I am obliged to go to Congress the bills will be ready for immediate consideration". The result was that by secret agreement draft machinery was actually ready long before the country knew that the device was to take the place of the volunteering method which Theodore Roosevelt favored. Before the Draft Act was passed Baker had confidentially briefed governors, sheriffs, and prospective draft board members on the administration of the measure- and the confidence was kept so well that only one newspaper learned what was going on. It was Baker, working through Provost Marshal Enoch Crowder and Major Hugh S& ("Old Ironpants") Johnson, who arranged for a secret printing by the million of selective service blanks- again before the Act was passed- until corridors in the Government Printing Office were full and the basement of the Washington Post Office was stacked to the ceiling. General Crowder proposed that Regular Army officers select the draftees in cities and towns throughout the nation; it was Baker who thought of lessening the shock, which conscription always brings to a country, by substituting "Greetings from your neighbors" for the recruiting sergeant, and registration in familiar voting places rather than at military installations.   
Even so, the Draft Act encountered rough sledding in its progress through the Congress. Democratic Speaker Champ Clark saw little difference between a conscript and a convict. Democrat Stanley H& Dent, Chairman of the House Military Affairs Committee, declined to introduce the bill. Democratic Floor Leader Claude Kitchin would have no part of the measure. In the judgment of Chief of Staff Scott it was ironic that the draft policy of a Democratic President, aimed at Germany, had to be pushed through the House of Representatives by the ranking minority member of the Military Affairs Committee- a Republican Jew born in Germany! He was Julius Kahn for whom the Chief of Staff thought no honor could be too great. After Kahn's death in 1924 Scott wrote: "May he rest in peace with the eternal gratitude of his adopted country".   
In spite of powerful opposition the Draft Act finally passed Congress on May 17, 1917. In early June ten million young men registered by name and number. The day passed without incident in spite of the warning of Senator James A& Reed of Missouri: "Baker, you will have the streets of our American cities running with blood on registration day". On July 20, the first drawing of numbers occurred in the Senate Office Building before a distinguished group of congressmen and high Army officers. Secretary of War Baker, blindfolded, put his hand into a large glass bowl and drew the initial number of those to be called. It was 258. A man in Mississippi wired: "Thanks for drawing 258- that's me". He was the first of 2,800,000 called to the Army through the selective service system. ##

It was one thing to call men to the colors; it was another to house, feed, and train them. The existing Army posts were wholly inadequate. In a matter of months the War Department built thirty-two camps, each one accommodating fifty thousand men- sixteen were under canvas in the South and sixteen with frame structures in the North. It was a gargantuan task; a typical cantonment in the North had twelve hundred buildings, an electric-sewer-water system, and twenty-five miles of roads. At Camp Taylor in Kentucky a barracks was built in an hour and a half from timber that had been standing in Mississippi forests one week before. The total operation was a construction project comparable in magnitude with the Panama Canal, but in 1917 time was in short supply; in three months the Army spent three-quarters as much as had been expended on the "big Ditch" in ten years.   
In later years Josephus Danielswas to claim that World War /1, was the first in American history in which there was great concern for both the health and morals of our soldiers. It was the first American war in which the death rate from disease was lower than that from battle, due to the provision of trained medical personnel (of the 200,000 officers, 42,000 were physicians), compulsory vaccination, rigorous camp sanitation, and adequate hospital facilities. To the middle of September 1918, there had been fewer than 10,000 deaths from disease in the new army. This enviable record would have been maintained but for a great and unexpected disaster which struck the world with murderous stealth. It was the influenza pandemic of 1918-19. The malady was popularly known as the "Spanish flu" from the alleged locale of its origin. The world-wide total of deaths from "Spanish flu" was around twenty million; in the United States 300,000 succumbed to it. In mid-September 1918, the influenza-pneumonia pandemic swept through every American military camp; during the eight-week blitz attack 25,000 soldiers died from the disease and the death rate (formerly 5 per year per 1,000 men) increased almost fifty times to 4 <per week> per 1,000 men. In spite of this catastrophe the final mortality figure from disease in the American Army during World War /1, was 15 per 1,000 per year, contrasted with 110 per 1,000 per year in the Mexican War, and 65 in the American Civil War.   
Both Secretary of War Baker and Secretary of Navy Daniels devoted much time and effort to the problem of providing reasonably normal and wholesome activities in camp for the millions of men who had been removed from their home environment. Their policy ran counter to the traditional idea that a good fighter was usually a libertine, and that in sex affairs "God-given passion" was a proof of manliness. Baker moved first; six days after war was declared he appointed Raymond Fosdick chairman of the Commission on Training Camp Activities (the ~CTCA). Fosdick, a brother of minister Harry Emerson Fosdick, was a graduate of Princeton, and a member of Phi Beta Kappa and the American Philosophical Association. His assignment was not a new one because Baker had sent him to the Mexican border in 1916 to investigate lurid newspaper stories about lack of discipline, drunkenness, and venereal disease in American military camps. Fosdick had found the installations surrounded by a battery of saloons and houses of prostitution, with <filles de joie> from all over the country flocking to San Antonio, Laredo, and El Paso to "woman the cribs". He also ascertained that many officers were indifferent to the problem, including Commanding General Frederick Funston who gave Fosdick the nickname of "Reverend". On the basis of the long chronicle of military history Funston and his brethren assumed that the issue was insoluble and that anyone interested in a mission like Fosdick's was an impractical idealist or a do-gooder.

During the brief Mexican venture Fosdick's report to the Secretary recommended a definite stand by the War Department against the saloon and the excesses of prostitution. The problem involved military necessity as much as morality, for in pre-penicillin days venereal disease was a crippling disability. Fosdick insisted that a strong word was needed from Washington, and it was immediately forthcoming. Baker put the "cribs" and the saloons out of bounds, ordered the co-operation of military officers with local law authorities, and told communities that the troops would be moved unless wholesome conditions were restored. Both Baker and Fosdick knew that a substitute was necessary, that a <verboten> approach was not the real answer. They were aware that soldiers went to town, in more ways than one, because of the monotony of camp life, to find the only release available in the absence of movies, reading rooms, and playing fields with adequate athletic equipment. Both knew that when trains stopped at Texan crossroads bored soldiers would sometimes enter to ask the passengers if they had any reading material to spare, even a newspaper. There was no time in the short Mexican encounter to evolve a solution but the area provided a proving ground for new departures in the near future.

When the United States entered the First World War Baker made certain that the Draft Act of 1917 prohibited the sale of liquor to men in uniform and that it provided for broad zones around the camps in which prostitution was outlawed. Even so Fosdick, as the new Chairman of the Commission on Training Camp Activities, encountered strong and vociferous opposition. New Orleans had a notorious red-light district extending over twenty-eight city blocks, and the business-minded mayor of the city journeyed to Washington to present the case for "the God-given right of men to be men". In Europe, Premier Clemenceau, showing his animal proclivities as the "Tiger of France", asked Pershing by letter for the creation of special houses where the sexual desires of American men could be satisfied. When Fosdick showed the letter to Baker his negative response was: "For God's sake, Raymond, don't show this to the President or he'll stop the war". Ultimately Fosdick's "Fit to fight" slogan swept across the country and every well-known red-light district in the United States was closed, a hundred and ten of them. The result was that the rate of venereal disease in the American Army was the lowest in our military history.   
This was the negative side of the situation. Affirmatively Baker worked on the premise that "young men spontaneously prefer to be decent, and that opportunities for wholesome recreation are the best possible cure for irregularities in conduct which arise from idleness and the baser temptations". The wholesome activities were to be provided by many organizations including the ~YMCA, the Knights of Columbus, the Jewish Welfare Board, the American Library Association, and the Playground and Recreation Association- private societies which voluntarily performed the job that was taken over almost entirely by the Special Services Division of the Army itself in World War /2,. Over these voluntary agencies, in 1917-18, the ~CTCA served as a co-ordinating body in carrying out what <Survey> called "the most stupendous piece of social work in modern times". Under Fosdick the first executive officer of the ~CTCA was Richard Byrd, whose name in later years was to become synonymous with activities at the polar antipodes. From the point of view of popularity the best-known member of the Commission was Walter Camp, the Yale athlete whose sobriquet was "the father of American football". He was placed in charge of athletics, and among other things adapted the type of calisthenics known as the daily dozen. The ~CTCA program of activities was profuse: William Farnum and Mary Pickford on the screen, Elsie Janis and Harry Lauder on the stage, books provided by the American Library Association, full equipment for games and sports- except that no "bones" were furnished for the all-time favorite pastime played on any floor and known as "African golf". The ~CTCA distributed a khaki-bound songbook that provided the impetus for spirited renditions of the selections found therein, plus a number of others whose lyrics were more earthy- from "Johnny Get Your Gun" to "Keep the Home Fires Burning" to "Mademoiselle from Armentieres". In the imagination of the nineteenth century the Greek tragedians and Shakespeare stand side by side, their affinity transcending all the immense contrarieties of historical circumstance, religious belief, and poetic form.   
We no longer use the particular terms of Lessing and Victor Hugo. But we abide by their insight. The word "tragedy" encloses for us in a single span both the Greek and the Elizabethan example. The sense of relationship overreaches the historical truth that Shakespeare may have known next to nothing of the actual works of Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides. It transcends the glaring fact that the Elizabethans mixed tragedy and comedy whereas the Greeks kept the two modes severely distinct. It overcomes our emphatic awareness of the vast difference in the shape and fabric of the two languages and styles of dramatic presentation. The intimations of a related spirit and ordering of human values are stronger than any sense of disparity. Comparable visions of life are at work in <Antigone> and <Romeo and Juliet>. We see at once what Victor Hugo means when he calls Macbeth a northern scion of the house of Atreus. Elsinore seems to lie in a range of Mycenae, and the fate of Orestes resounds in that of Hamlet. The hounds of hell search out their quarry in Apollo's sanctuary as they do in the tent of Richard /3,. Oedipus and Lear attain similar insights by virtue of similar blindness. It it not between Euripides and Shakespeare that the western mind turns away from the ancient tragic sense of life. It is after the late seventeenth century. I say the late seventeenth century because Racine (whom Lessing did not really know) stands on the far side of the chasm. The image of man which enters into force with Aeschylus is still vital in <Phedre> and <Athalie>.   
It is the triumph of rationalism and secular metaphysics which marks the point of no return. Shakespeare is closer to Sophocles than he is to Pope and Voltaire. To say this is to set aside the realness of time. But it is true, nevertheless. The modes of the imagination implicit in Athenian tragedy continued to shape the life of the mind until the age of Descartes and Newton. It is only then that the ancient habits of feeling and the classic orderings of material and psychological experience were abandoned. With the <Discours de la methode> and the <Principia> the things undreamt of in Horatio's philosophy seem to pass from the world.   
In Greek tragedy as in Shakespeare, mortal actions are encompassed by forces which transcend man. The reality of Orestes entails that of the Furies; the Weird Sisters wait for the soul of Macbeth. We cannot conceive of Oedipus without a Sphinx, nor of Hamlet without a Ghost. The shadows cast by the personages of Greek and Shakespearean drama lengthen into a greater darkness. And the entirety of the natural world is party to the action. The thunderclaps over the sacred wood at Colonus and the storms in <King Lear> are caused by more than weather. In tragedy, lightning is a messenger. But it can no longer be so once Benjamin Franklin (the incarnation of the new rational man) has flown a kite to it. The tragic stage is a platform extending precariously between heaven and hell. Those who walk on it may encounter at any turn ministers of grace or damnation. <Oedipus> and <Lear> instruct us how little of the world belongs to man. Mortality is the pacing of a brief and dangerous watch, and to all sentinels, whether at Elsinore or on the battlements at Mycenae, the coming of dawn has its breath of miracle. It banishes the night wanderers to fire or repose. But at the touch of Hume and Voltaire the noble or hideous visitations which had haunted the mind since Agamemnon's blood cried out for vengeance, disappeared altogether or took tawdry refuge among the gaslights of melodrama. Modern roosters have lost the art of crowing restless spirits back to Purgatory.   
In Athens, in Shakespeare's England, and at Versailles, the hierarchies of worldly power were stable and manifest. The wheel of social life spun around the royal or aristocratic centre. From it, spokes of order and degree led to the outward rim of the common man. Tragedy presumes such a configuration. Its sphere is that of royal courts, dynastic quarrels, and vaulting ambitions. The same metaphors of swift ascent and calamitous decline apply to Oedipus and Macbeth because they applied also to Alcibiades and Essex. And the fate of such men has tragic relevance because it is public. Agamemnon, Creon, and Medea perform their tragic actions before the eyes of the <polis>. Similarly the sufferings of Hamlet, Othello, or Phedre engage the fortunes of the state. They are enacted at the heart of the body politic. Hence the natural setting of tragedy is the palace gate, the public square, or the court chamber. Greek and Elizabethan life and, to a certain extent, the life of Versailles shared this character of intense "publicity". Princes and factions clashed in the open street and died on the open scaffold.   
With the rise to power of the middle class the centre of gravity in human affairs shifted from the public to the private. The art of Defoe and Richardson is founded on an awareness of this great change. Heretofore an action had possessed the breadth of tragedy only if it involved high personages and if it occurred in the public view. Behind the tragic hero stands the chorus, the crowd, or the observant courtier. In the eighteenth century there emerges for the first time the notion of a private tragedy (or nearly for the first time, there having been a small number of Elizabethan domestic tragedies such as the famous <Arden of Feversham>). In <La Nouvelle-Heloi^se> and <Werther> tragedy is made intimate. And private tragedy became the chosen ground not of drama, but of the new, unfolding art of the novel. The novel was not only the presenter of the new, secular, rationalistic, private world of the middle class. It served also as a literary form exactly appropriate to the fragmented audience of modern urban culture. I have said before how difficult it is to make any precise statements with regard to the character of the Greek and Elizabethan public. But one major fact seems undeniable. Until the advent of rational empiricism the controlling habits of the western mind were symbolic and allegoric. Available evidence regarding the natural world, the course of history, and the varieties of human action were translated into imaginative designs or mythologies. Classic mythology and Christianity are such architectures of the imagination. They order the manifold levels of reality and moral value along an axis of being which extends from brute matter to the immaculate stars. There had not yet supervened between understanding and expression the new languages of mathematics and scientific formulas. The poet was by definition a realist, his imaginings and parables being natural organizations of reality. And in these organizations certain primal notions played a radiant part, radiant both in the sense of giving light and of being a pole toward which all perspectives converge. I mean such concepts as the presence of the supernatural in human affairs, the sacraments of grace and divine retribution, the idea of preordainment (the oracle over Oedipus, the prophecy of the witches to Macbeth, or God's covenant with His people in <Athalie>). I refer to the notion that the structure of society is a microcosm of the cosmic design and that history conforms to patterns of justice and chastisement as if it were a morality play set in motion by the gods for our instruction.   
These conceptions and the manner in which they were transposed into poetry or engendered by poetic form are intrinsic to western life from the time of Aeschylus to that of Shakespeare. And although they were, as I have indicated, under increasing strain at the time of Racine, they are still alive in his theatre. They are the essential force behind the conventions of tragedy. They are as decisively present in the <Oresteia> and <Oedipus> as in <Macbeth, King Lear>, and <Phedre>.

After the seventeenth century the audience ceased to be an organic community to which these ideas and their attendant habits of figurative language would be natural or immediately familiar. Concepts such as grace, damnation, purgation, blasphemy, or the chain of being, which are everywhere implicit in classic and Shakespearean tragedy, lose their vitality. They become philosophic abstractions of a private and problematic relevance, or mere catchwords in religious customs which had in them a diminishing part of active belief. After Shakespeare the master spirits of western consciousness are no longer the blind seers, the poets, or Orpheus performing his art in the face of hell. They are Descartes, Newton, and Voltaire. And their chroniclers are not the dramatic poets but the prose novelists.   
The romantics were the immediate inheritors of this tremendous change. They were not yet prepared to accept it as irremediable. Rousseau's primitivism, the anti-Newtonian mythology of Blake, Coleridge's organic metaphysics, Victor Hugo's image of the poets as the Magi, and Shelley's "unacknowledged legislators" are related elements in the rear-guard action fought by the romantics against the new scientific rationalism. From this action sprang the idea of somehow uniting Greek and Shakespearean drama into a new total form, capable of restoring to life the ancient moral and poetic responses. The dream of achieving a synthesis between the Sophoclean and the Shakespearean genius inspired the ambitions of poets and composers from the time of Shelley and Victor Hugo to that of Bayreuth. It could not really be fulfilled. The conventions into which the romantics tried to breath life no longer corresponded to the realities of thought and feeling. But the attempt itself produced a number of brilliant works, and these form a transition from the early romantic period to the new age of Ibsen and Chekhov. ##

The wedding of the Hellenic to the northern genius was one of the dominant motifs in Goethe's thought. His Italian journey was a poet's version of those perennial thrusts across the Alps of the German emperors of the Middle Ages. The dream of a descent into the gardens of the south always drew German ambitions toward Rome and Sicily. Goethe asks in <Wilhelm Meister> whether we know the land where the lemon trees flower, and the light of the Mediterranean glows through <Torquato Tasso> and the <Roman Elegies>. Goethe believed that the Germanic spirit, with its grave strength but flagrant streaks of brutality and intolerance, should be tempered with the old sensuous wisdom and humanism of the Hellenic. On the narrower ground of poetic form, he felt that in the drama of the future the Greek conception of tragic fate should be joined to the Shakespearean vision of tragic will. The wager between God and Satan brings on the destiny of Faust, but Faust assumes his role voluntarily.   
The third Act of <Faust> /2, is a formal celebration of the union between the Germanic and the classic, between the spirit of Euripides and that of romantic drama. The motif of Faust's love for Helen of Troy goes back to the sources of the Faustian legend. It tells us of the ancient human desire to see the highest wisdom joined to the highest sensual beauty. There can be no greater magic than to wrest from death her in whom the flesh was all, in whom beauty was entirely pure because it was entirely corruptible. It is thus that the brightness of Helen passes through Marlowe's <Faustus>. Goethe used the fable to more elaborate ends. Faust rescuing Helen from Menelaus' vengeance is the genius of renaissance Europe restoring to life the classic tradition. The necromantic change from the palace at Sparta to Faust's Gothic castle directs us to the aesthetic meaning of the myth- the translation of antique drama into Shakespearean and romantic guise.   
This translation, or rather the fusion of the two ideals, creates the <Gesamtkunstwerk>, the "total art form". The Bishop of Gloucester described the elder Thomas in 1577 as the richest recusant in his diocese, worth five hundred pounds a year in lands and goods. When Quiney and William Parsons wrote to Greville in 1593 asking his consent in the election for bailiff, they sent the letter to Mr& William Sawnders, attendant on the worshipful Mr& Thomas Bushell at Marston. Mr& Bushell was mentioned in 1602 in the will of Joyce Hobday, widow of a Stratford glover. Thomas the elder married twice, had seventeen children, and died in 1615. His daughter Elinor married Quiney's son Adrian in 1613, and his son Henry married Mary Lane of Stratford in 1609. His son Thomas, aged fifteen when he entered Oxford in 1582, married as his first wife Margaret, sister of Sir Edward Greville. Bridges, a son by his second wife, was christened at Pebworth in 1607, but Thomas the younger was living at Packwood two years later and sold Broad Marston manor in 1622. A third Thomas Bushell (1594-1674), "much loved" by Bacon, called himself "the Superlative Prodigall" in <The First Part of Youths Errors> (1628) and became an expert on silver mines and on the art of running into debt.   
Edward Greville, born about 1565, had inherited Milcote on the execution of his father Lodowick for murder in 1589. He refused his consent to the election of Quiney as bailiff in 1592, but gave it at the request of the recorder, his cousin Sir Fulke Greville. The corporation entertained him for dinner at Quiney's house in 1596/7, with wine and sugar sent by the bailiff, Sturley. At Milcote on November 3, 1597, the aldermen asked him to support their petition for a new charter. Sturley wrote to Quiney that Sir Edward "gave his allowance and liking thereof, and affied unto us his best endeavour, so that his rights be preserved", and that "Sir Edward saith we shall not be at any fault for money for prosecuting the cause, for himself will procure it and lay it down for us for the time". Greville proposed Quiney as the fittest man "for the following of the cause and to attend him in the matter", and at his suggestion the corporation allowed Quiney two shillings a day. "If you can firmly make the good knight sure to pleasure our Corporation", Sturley wrote, "besides that ordinary allowance for your diet you shall have @20 for recompence".

In his letter mentioning Shakespeare on January 24, 1597/8, Sturley asked Quiney especially that "theare might [be] bi Sir Ed& Grev& some meanes made to the Knightes of the Parliament for an ease and discharge of such taxes and subsedies wherewith our towne is like to be charged, and I assure u I am in great feare and doubte bi no meanes hable to paie. Sir Ed& Gre& is gonne to Brestowe and from thence to Lond& as I heare, who verie well knoweth our estates and wil be willinge to do us ani good". The knights for Warwickshire in this parliament, which ended its session on February 9, were Fulke Greville (the poet) and William Combe of Warwick, as Fulke Greville and Edward Greville had been in 1593. The corporation voted on September 27, 1598, that Quiney should ride to London about the suit to Sir John Fortescue, chancellor of the Exchequer, for discharging of the tax and subsidy. He had been in London for several weeks when he wrote to Shakespeare on October 25. Sturley on November 4 answered a letter from Quiney written on October 25 which imported, wrote Sturley, "that our countriman **f **f Shak& would procure us monei: which I will like of as I shall heare when wheare + howe: and I prai let not go that occasion if it mai sort to ani indifferent condicions. Allso that if monei might be had for 30 or **f a lease +c& might be procured". Sturley quoted Quiney as having written on November 1 that if he had "more monei presente much might be done to obtaine our Charter enlargd, ij& faires more, with tole of corne, bestes, and sheepe, and a matter of more valewe then all that". Sturley thought that this matter might be "the rest of the tithes and the College houses and landes in our towne". He suggested offering half to Sir Edward, fearing lest "he shall thinke it to good for us and procure it for himselfe, as he served us the last time". This refers to what had happened after the Earl of Warwick died in 1590, when the town petitioned Burghley for the right to name the vicar and schoolmaster and other privileges but Greville bought the lordship for himself. Sturley's allusion probably explains why Greville took out the patent in the names of Best and Wells, for Sir Anthony Ashley described Best as "a scrivener within Temple Bar, that deals in many matters for my L& Essex" through Sir Gelly Merrick, especially in "causes that he would not be known of".   
Adrian Quiney wrote to his son Richard on October 29 and again perhaps the next day, since the bearer of the letter, the bailiff, was expected to reach London on November 1. In his second letter the old mercer advised his son "to bye some such warys as yow may selle presentlye with profet. yff yow bargen with **f sha **h [so in the ~MS] or Receave money ther or brynge your money home yow maye see howe knite stockynges be sold ther ys gret byinge of them at Aysshom **h. wherefore I thynke yow maye doo good yff yow can have money". This seems to refer, not to the loan Richard had asked for, but to a proposed bargain with Shakespeare.   
Richard Quiney the younger, a schoolboy of eleven, wrote a letter in Latin asking his father to buy copybooks ("<chartaceos libellos>") for him and his brother. His mother Bess, who could not write herself, reminded her husband through Sturley to buy the apron he had promised her and "a suite of hattes for 5 boies the yongst lined + trimmed with silke" (for John, only a year old). A letter signed "Isabell Bardall" entreated "Good Cozen" Quiney to find her stepson Adrian, son of George Bardell, a place in London with some handicraftsman. William Parsons and William Walford, drapers, asked Quiney to see to business matters in London. Daniel Baker deluged his "Unckle Quyne" with requests to pay money for him to drapers in Watling Street and at the Two Cats in Canning Street. His letter of October 26 named two of the men about whom Quiney had written to Shakespeare the day before. Baker wrote: "I tooke order with **f E& Grevile for the payment of Ceartaine monei beefore his going towardes London. + synce I did write unto him to dessier him to paie **f for mee which standeth mee greatly uppon to have paide. + **f more **f peeter Rowswell tooke order with his master to paie for mee". He asked Quiney to find out whether the money had been paid and, if not, to send to the lodging of Sir Edward and entreat him to pay what he owed. Baker added: "I pray you delivre these inclosed Letters And Comend mee to **f Rychard mytton whoe I know will ffreind mee for the payment of this monei". Further letters in November mention that Sir Edward paid forty pounds.   
Stratford's petition to the queen declared that two great fires had burnt two hundred houses in the town, with household goods, to the value of twelve thousand pounds. The chancellor of the Exchequer wrote on the petition: "in myn opinion it is very resonable and conscionable for hir ma<ies>tie to graunt in relief of this towne twise afflicted and almost wasted by fire". The queen agreed on December 17, a warrant was signed on January 27, and the Exchequer paid Quiney his expenses on February 27, 1598/9. He listed what he had spent for "My own diet in London eighteen weeks, in which I was sick a month; my mare at coming up 14 days; another I bought there to bring me home 7 weeks; and I was six days going thither and coming homewards; all which cost me at the least @20". He was allowed forty-four pounds in all, including fees to the masters of requests, Mr& Fanshawe of the Exchequer, the solicitor general, and other officials and their clerks. If he borrowed money from Shakespeare or with his help, he would now have been able to repay the loan.   
Since more is known about Quiney than about any other acquaintance of Shakespeare in Stratford, his career may be followed to its sudden end in 1602. During 1598 and 1599 he made "manye Guiftes of myne owne provision bestowed uppon Cowrtiers + others for the better effectinge of our suites in hande". He was in London "searching records for our town's causes" in 1600 with young Henry Sturley, the assistant schoolmaster. When Sir Edward Greville enclosed the town commons on the Bancroft, Quiney and others leveled his hedges on January 21, 1600/1, and were charged with riot by Sir Edward. He also sued them for taking toll of grain at their market. Accompanied by "Master Greene our solicitor" (Thomas Greene of the Middle Temple, Shakespeare's "cousin"), Quiney tried to consult Sir Edward Coke, attorney general, and gave money to a clerk and a doorkeeper "that we might have access to their master for his counsel **h butt colde nott have him att Leasure by the reason of thees trobles" (the Essex rising on February 8). He set down that "I gave **f Greene a pynte of muskadell and a roll of bread that last morning I went to have his company to Master Attorney". After returning to Stratford he drew up a defense of the town's right to toll corn and the office of collecting it, and his list of suggested witnesses included his father and Shakespeare's father. No one, he wrote, took any corn of Greville's, for his bailiff of husbandry "swore a greate oathe thatt who soe came to put hys hande into hys sackes for anye corne shuld leave hys hande be hynde hym". Quiney was in London again in June, 1601, and in November, when he rode up, as Shakespeare must often have done, by way of Oxford, High Wycombe, and Uxbridge, and home through Aylesbury and Banbury.   
After Quiney was elected bailiff in September, 1601, without Greville's approval, Greene wrote him that Coke had promised to be of counsel for Stratford and had advised "that the office of bayly may be exercised as it is taken upon you, (**f Edwardes his consent not beinge hadd to the swearinge of you)". Asked by the townsmen to cease his suit, Greville had answered that "hytt shulde coste hym **f first + sayed it must be tried ether before my Lorde Anderson in the countrey or his uncle ffortescue in the exchequer with whom he colde more prevaile then we". The corporation proposed Chief Justice Anderson for an arbiter, sending him a gift of sack and claret. Lady Greville, daughter of the late Lord Chancellor Bromley and niece of Sir John Fortescue, was offered twenty pounds by the townsmen to make peace; she "labored + thought she shuld effecte" it but her husband said that "we shuld wynne it by the sworde". His servant Robin Whitney threatened Quiney, who had Whitney bound to "the good abaringe" to keep the peace. A report of **f Edw: Grevyles minaces to the Baileefe Aldermen + Burgesses of Stratforde" tells how Quiney was injured by Greville's men: "in the tyme **f Ryc' Quyney was bayleefe ther came some of them whoe beinge druncke fell to braweling in ther hosts howse wher thei druncke + drewe ther dagers uppon the hoste: att a faier tyme the Baileefe being late abroade to see the towne in order + comminge by in **f hurley Burley. came into the howse + commawnded the peace to be kept butt colde nott prevayle + in hys endevor to sticle the brawle had his heade grevouselye brooken by one of hys [Greville's] men whom nether hym selfe [Greville] punnished nor wolde suffer to be punnished but with a shewe to turne them awaye + enterteyned agayne". The fall of Rome, the discovery of precious metals, and the Protestant Reformation were all links and could only be explained and understood by comprehending the links that preceded and those that followed.

Often the historian must consider the use of intuition or instinct by those individuals or nations which he is studying. Unconsciously, governments or races or institutions may enter into some undertaking without fully realizing why they are doing so. They react in obedience to an instinct or urge which has itself been impelled by natural law. A court may strike down a law on the basis of an intuitive feeling that the law is inimical to the numerical majority. A nation may go to war on some trifling pretext, when in reality it may have been guided by an unconscious instinct that its very life was at stake. When the historian encounters a situation in which he can perceive no visible cause and effect sequence, he should be alert to intuition and unconscious instinct as possible guides.   
Adams firmly contended that the historian must never underrate the impact of the geographical environment on history. Here was another indispensable tool. Indeed, he concluded that "geographical conditions have exercised a great, possibly a preponderating, influence over man's destiny". The failure of Greece to reach the imperial destiny that Periclean Athens had seemed to promise was almost directly attributable to her physical conformation. All areas of history were either favorably or adversely affected by the geographical environment, and no respectable historian could pursue the study of history without a thorough knowledge of geography.   
Brooks Adams was consistent in his admonishments to historians about the necessary tools or insights they needed to possess. However, as a practicing historian, he, himself, has left few clues to the amount of professional scholarship that he used when writing history. In fact, if judgments are to be rendered upon the soundness of his historicism, they must be based on scanty evidence. What evidence is available would seem to indicate that Brooks, unlike his older brother Henry, had most of the methodological vices usually found in the amateur. A credulousness, a distaste for documentation, an uncritical reliance on contemporary accounts, and a proneness to assume a theory as true before adequate proof was provided were all evidences of his failure to comprehend the use of the scientific method or to evaluate the responsibilities of the historian to his reading public. This is not to assume that his work was without merit, but the validity of his assumptions concerning the meaning of history must always be considered against this background of an unprofessional approach.

His credulity is perhaps best illustrated in his introduction to <The Emancipation of Massachusetts>, which purports to examine the trials of Moses and to draw a parallel between the leader of the Israelite exodus from Egypt and the leadership of the Puritan clergy in colonial New England. Much criticism has been leveled at this rather forced analogy, but what is equally significant is Adams' complete acceptance of the Biblical record as "good and trustworthy history". In light of the scholarly reappraisals engendered by the higher criticism this is a most remarkable statement, particularly coming from one who was well known for his antifundamentalist views. The desire to substantiate a thesis at the expense of sound research technique smacks more of the propagandist than the historian.   
A similar amateurish characteristic is revealed in Adams' failure to check the accuracy and authenticity of his informational sources. If he found data that fitted his general plan, he used it and counted his sources trustworthy. Conversely, if statistics were uncovered which contradicted a cherished theory, the sources were denounced as faulty. Such manipulations are frequently encountered in his essay on the suppression of the monasteries during the English reformation. Adams depended largely on the dispatches of foreign ambassadors and observers in England, claiming that the reports of such agents had to be accurate because there were no newspapers. This is certainly an irrational dogmatism, in which the modern mind attempts to understand the spirit of the sixteenth century on twentieth-century terms. Moreover, he rejects the contemporary accounts of Englishmen, casually adjudging them to be distorted by prejudice because "the opinions of Englishmen are of no great value". What is exposited by this observation is not the inherent prejudices of Englishmen but the Anglophobia of Brooks Adams.

In all fairness it must be admitted that Adams made no pretense at being an impartial historian. Impartiality to him meant an unwillingness to generalize and to search for a synthesis. He deplored the impact of German historiography on the writing of history, terming it a "dismal monster". Ranke and his disciples had reduced history to a profession of dullness; Brooks Adams preferred the chronicles of Froissart or the style and theorizing of Edward Gibbon, for at least they took a stand on the issues about which they wrote. He wrote eloquently to William James that impartial history was not only impossible but undesirable. If the historian was convinced of his own correctness, then he should not allow his vision to become fogged by disturbing facts. It was history that must be in error, not the historian. It was this basic trait that separated Adams from the ranks of professional historians and led him to commit time and time again what was his most serious offense against the historical method- namely, the tendency to assume the truth of an hypothesis before submitting it to the test of facts.   
All of Adams' work reflects this dogmatic characteristic. No page seems to be complete without the statement of at least one unproved generalization. One example of this was his assertion that "**h all servile revolts must be dealt with by physical force". There is no explanation of terms nor a qualification that most such revolts have been dealt with by force- only a bald dogmatism that they must, because of some undefined compulsion, be so repelled. On matters of race he was similarly inflexible: "Most of the modern Latin races seem to have inherited **h the rigidity of the Roman mind". He cites the French Revolution as typifying this rigidity but makes no mention of the Italians, who have been able to adapt to all types of circumstances. He pontificates that "one of the first signs of advancing civilization is the fall in the value of women in men's eyes". It made no difference that most evidence points to an opposite conclusion. For Adams had made up his mind before all the facts were available.   
All critics of Adams and his methods have observed this particular deficiency. J& T& Shotwell was appalled by such spurious history as that which attributed the fall of the Carolingian empire to the woolen trade, and he urged Adams to "transform his essay into a real history, embodying not merely those facts which fit into his theory, but also the modifications and exceptions". A& M& Wergeland called the Adams method literally antihistorical, while Clive Day maintained that the assumptions were not confined to theories alone but were also applicable to straight factual evidence. Moreover, stated Day, "He always omits facts which tend to disprove his hypothesis". Even D& A& Wasson, who compared <The Emancipation of Massachusetts> to the lifting of a fog from ancient landscapes, was also forced to admit the methodological deficiencies of the author.   
In summary, Brooks Adams felt that the nature of history was order and that the order so discovered was as much subject to historical laws as the forces of nature. Moreover, he believed that most professional historians lacked some of the essential instruments for a proper study of history. However, despite the insight of many of his observations, his own conclusions are open to suspicion because of his failure to employ at all times the correct research methods. This should not prejudice an evaluation of his findings, but they were not the findings of a completely impartial investigator. What was perhaps more important than his concept of the nature of history and the historical method were those forces which shaped the direction of his thought. In the final analysis his contribution to American historiography was founded on almost intuitive insights into religion, economics, and Darwinism, the three factors which conditioned his search for a law of history.

#RELIGION WITHOUT SUPERNATURALISM#

Brooks Adams considered religion as an extremely significant manifestation of man's fear of the unknown. But it was nothing more than that. Religion and the churches were institutions which had been created by man, not God. He did not deny God; he simply did not believe that a Creator intervened or interfered in human affairs. The historian need not be concerned with the philosophical problems suggested by religion. There was no evidence, either of a positive or negative type, of the actions of a Divine Being in this world; and, since the historian should only be interested in strictly terrestrial activity, his research should eliminate the supernatural. Furthermore, he must regard religion as the expression of human forces. Certainly, he must recognize its power and attempt to ascertain its influence on the flow of history, but he must not confuse the natural and the mundane with the divine.   
Adams was not breaking new ground when he claimed that the worship of an unseen power was in reality a reflection of man's inability to cope with his environment. Students of anthropology and comparative religion had long been aware that there was, indeed, a direct connection. But Adams was one of the first to suggest that this human incompetence was the only motivating factor behind religion. It was this fear which explained the development of a priestly caste whose function in society was to mollify and appease the angry deities. To keep themselves entrenched in power, the priests were forced to demonstrate their unique status through the miracle. It was the use of the supernatural that kept them in business. The German barbarians of the fourth century offered an excellent example:

"The Germans in the fourth century were a very simple race, who comprehended little of natural laws, and who therefore referred phenomena they did not understand to supernatural intervention. This intervention could only be controlled by priests, and thus the invasions caused a rapid rise in the influence of the sacred class. The power of every ecclesiastical organization has always rested on the miracle, and the clergy have always proved their divine commission as did Elijah".   
Adams contended that once such a special class had been created it became a vested interest and sought to maintain itself by assuming exclusive control over the relationships between God and man. Thus, the Church was born and because of its intrinsic character was soon identified as a conservative institution, determined to resist the forces of change, to identify itself with the political rulers, and to maintain a kind of splendid isolation from the masses. Doctrine was not only mysterious; it was also sacred, "and no believer in an inspired church could tolerate having her canons examined as we should examine human laws". These basic ideas concerning the nature of religion were, Adams believed, some of the major keys to the understanding of history and the movement of society. The dark views about the Puritans found in <The Emancipation of Massachusetts> were never altered.   
Despite their adherence to the <status quo>, the forces of organized religion were compelled to make adjustments as increasing civilization augmented human knowledge. In <The Law of Civilization and Decay> Brooks Adams traced this evolution, always pointing to the fact that although the forms became more rational, the substance remained unchanged. The relic worship and monasticism of the Middle Ages were more advanced forms than were primitive fetish worship and nature myths. Yet, the idea imbedded in each was identical: to surround the unknown with mystery and to isolate that class which had been given special dominion over the secrets of God. To Adams that age in which religion exercised power over the entire culture of the race was one of imagination, and it is largely the admiration he so obviously held for such eras that betrays a peculiar religiosity- a sentiment he would have probably denied. Stephens had written his classic "incidents of travel" about these regions a hundred years before, and Catherwood, who had studied Piranesi in London and the great ruins of Egypt and Greece, had drawn the splendid illustrations that accompanied the text. Catherwood, an architect in New York, had been forgotten, like Stephens, and Victor reconstructed their lives as one reconstructs, for a museum, a dinosaur from two or three petrified bones. He had unearthed Stephens's letters in a New Jersey farmhouse and he discovered Stephens's unmarked grave in an old cemetery on the east side of New York, where the great traveller had been hastily buried during a cholera epidemic. Victor had been stirred by my account of him in <Makers and Finders,> for Stephens was one of the lost writers whom Melville had seen in his childhood and whom I was bent on resurrecting.   
Victor had led an adventurous life. His <metier> was the American tropics, and he had lived all over Latin America and among the primitive tribes on the Amazon river. Well he knew the sleepless nights, the howling sore-ridden dogs and the biting insects in the villages of the Kofanes and Huitotoes. He had not yet undertaken the great exploit of his later years, the rediscovery of the ancient Inca highway, the route of Pizarro in Peru, but he had climbed to the original El Dorado, the Andean lake of Guatemala, and he had scaled the southern Sierra Nevada with its Tibetan-like people and looked into the emerald mines of Muzo. As a naturalist living for two years at the headwaters of the Amazon, he had collected specimens for Mexican museums, and he had taken to the London zoo a live quetzal, the sacred bird of the old Mayans. In fact, he had raised quetzal birds in his camp in the forest of Ecuador. Moreover, he had spent six months on the Galapagos islands, among the great turtles that Captain Cook had found there, and now and then he would disappear into some small island of the West Indies. Victor's book on John Lloyd Stephens was largely written in my study in the house at Weston.   
I had had my name taken out of the telephone book, and this was partly because of a convict who had been discharged from Sing Sing and who called me night after night. He said he was a friend of Heywood Broun who had run a free employment bureau for several months during the depression, but the generous Broun to whom I wrote did not know his name and I somehow conceived the morbid notion that the man in question was prowling round the house. But one day came the voice of a man I had known when he was a boy, and I later remembered that this boy, thirty years before, had struck me as coming to no good. There had been something sinister about him that warned me against him,- I had never felt that way about any other boy,- but when he uttered his name on the telephone I had forgotten this and I was glad to do what he asked of me. He was a captain, he said, in the army, and on the train to New York his purse and all his money had been stolen, and would I lend him twenty-five dollars to be given him at the General Delivery window? Never hearing from him again, I remembered the little boy of whom I had had such doubts when he was ten years old. We lived for a while in a movie melodrama with a German cook and her son who turned out to be Nazis. Finally we got them out of the house, after the boy had run away four times looking for other Nazis, threatening to murder village schoolchildren and bragging that he was to be the next Fu^hrer. Then he began to have epileptic fits. We found that a charitable society in New York had a long case-history of the two; and they agreed to see that the tragic pair would not put poison in anybody else's soup.   
To the Weston house came once William Allen Neilson, the president of Smith College who had been one of my old professors and who still called me "Boy" when I was sixty. It reminded me of my other professor, Edward Kennard Rand, of whom I had been so fond when I was at Harvard, the great mediaevalist and classical scholar who had asked me to call him "Ken", saying, "Age counts for nothing among those who have learned to know life <sub specie aeternitatis">. I had always thought of that lovable man as many years older than myself, although he was perhaps only twenty years older, and he confirmed my feeling, along with the feeling of both my sons, that teachers of the classics are invariably endearing. I must have written to say how much I had enjoyed his fine book <The Building of Eternal Rome>, and I found he had not regretted giving me the highest mark in his old course on the later Latin poets, although in my final examination I had ignored the questions and filled the bluebook with a comparison of Propertius and Coleridge. He had written to me about a dinner he had had with the Benedictine monks at St& Anselm's Priory in Washington. There had been reading at table, especially from two books, Pope Gregory the Great's account of St& Scholastica in his <Dialogues> and my own <The World of Washington Irving>. He said, "Some have criticized your book as being neither literary criticism nor history. Of course it was not meant to be. Some have felt that Washington Irving comes out rather slimly, but let them look at the title of the book". He felt as I felt about this best of all my books, that it was "really tops".

Two or three times, C& C& Burlingham came to lunch with us in Weston, that wonderful man who lived to be more than a hundred years old and whose birthplace had been my Wall Street suburb. His reading ranged from Agatha Christie to the Book of Job and he had an insatiable interest in his fellow-creatures, while his letters were full of gossip about new politicians and old men of letters with whom he had been intimately thrown six decades before. I could never forget the gaiety with which, when he was both blind and deaf, he let me lead him around his rooms to look at some of the pictures; and once when he came to see us in New York he walked away in a rainstorm, unwilling to hear of a taxi or even an umbrella, although he was at the time ninety years old. There were several men of ninety or more whom I knew first or last, all of whom were still productive and most of whom knew one another as if they had naturally come together at the apex of their lives. I never met John Dewey, whose style was a sort of verbal fog and who had written asking me to go to Mexico with him when he was investigating the cause of Trotsky; but I liked to think of him at ninety swimming and working at Key West long after Hemingway had moved to Cuba. At Lee Simonson's house, I had dined with Edith Hamilton, the nonogenarian rationalist and the charming scholar who had a great popular success with <The Greek Way>. Then there was Mark Howe and there was Henry Dwight Sedgwick, an accomplished man of letters who wrote in the spirit of Montaigne and produced in the end a formidable body of work. I saw Sedgwick often before his death at ninety-five,- he had remarried at the age of ninety,- and he asked me, when once I returned from Rome, if I knew the Cavallinis in the church of St& Cecilia in Trastevere. I had to confess that I had missed these frescoes, recently discovered, that he had studied in his eighties. Sedgwick had chosen to follow the philosophy of Epicurus whom, with his followers, Dante put in hell; but he defended the doctrine in <The Art of Happiness>, and what indeed could be said against the Epicurean virtues, health, frugality, privacy, culture and friendship? Of Mark Antony De Wolfe Howe the philosopher Whitehead said the Earth's first visitors to Mars should be persons likely to make a good impression, and when he was asked, "Whom would you send"? he replied, "My first choice would be Mark Howe". This friend of many years came once to visit us in the house at Weston. Then I spoke at the ninetieth birthday party of W& E& Burghardt Du Bois, who embarked on a fictional trilogy at eighty-nine and who, with <The Crisis>, had created a Negro intelligentsia that had never existed in America before him. As their interpreter and guide, he had broken with Tuskegee and become a spokesman of the coloured people of the world.   
Mr& Burlingham,- "C&C&B&"- wrote to me once about an old friend of mine, S& K& Ratcliffe, whom I had first met in London in 1914 and who also came out for a week-end in Weston. "Did you ever know a man with greater zest for information? And his memory, like an elephant's, stored with precise knowledge of men and things and happenings". His wife, Katie, "as gay as a lark and as lively as a gazelle",- she was then seventy-six,- had a "a sense of humour that has been denied S&K&, but neither has any aesthetic perceptions. People and books are enough for them". S&K& was visiting C&C&B& and, not waiting for breakfast, he was off to the University Club, where he spent hours writing obituaries of living Americans for the <Manchester guardian> or the <Glasgow Herald>. Later, rising ninety, he was beset by publishers for the story of his life and miracles, as he put it, but, calling himself the Needy Knife-grinder, he had spent his time writing short articles and long letters and could not get even a small popular book done. Then, all but blind, he said there was nothing in <Back to Methuselah>,- "G&B&S& ought to have known that",- and "I look at my bookshelves despairingly, knowing that I can have nothing more to do with them". However, at eighty-five, he had still been busy writing articles, reviewing and speaking, and I had never before known an Englishman who had visited and lectured in three quarters of the United States. Finally, colleges and clubs took the line that speakers from England were not wanted any longer, even speakers like S&K&, so unlike the novelists and poets who had patronized the Americans for many years. With their facile generalizations about the United States, these mediocrities, as they often were, had been great successes. While S&K& did not like Dylan Thomas, I liked his poems very much, but I made the mistake of telling Dylan Thomas so, whereupon he said to me, "I suppose you think you know all about me". I should have replied, "I probably know something about the best part of you". But I only thought of that in the middle of the night.

Many years later I went to see S&K& in England, where he was living at Whiteleaf, near Aylesbury, and he showed me beside his cottage there the remains of the road on which Boadicea is supposed to have travelled. He was convinced that George Orwell's <1984> was nearly all wrong as it applied to England, which was "driving forward into uncharted waters", with the danger of a new tyranny ahead. "But however we go, whatever our doom, it will not take the Orwellian shape". With facts mainly in his mind, he was often acute in the matter of style, and he said, "The young who have as yet nothing to say will try larks with initial letters and broken lines. But put them before a situation which they are forced to depict",- he was speaking of the Spanish civil war,- "and they have no hesitation; they merely do their best to make it real for others". He looked at her as she spoke, then got up as she was speaking still, and, simply and wordlessly, walked out. And that was the end. Or nearly.

He went to the Hotel Mayflower and telegraphed Mencken. Would he meet him in Baltimore in Drawing Room ~A, Car Three on the train leaving Washington at nine o'clock next morning? They would go to New York together, where parties would be piled on weariness and on misery. But not for long. Both Alfred Harcourt and Donald Brace had written him enthusiastic praise of <Elmer Gantry> (any changes could be made in proof, which was already coming from the printer) and they had ordered 140,000 copies- the largest first printing of any book in history. But none of this could soothe the exacerbated nerves. On New Year's Eve, Alfred Harcourt drove him up the Hudson to Bill Brown's Training Camp, a well-known establishment for the speedy if temporary rehabilitation of drunkards who could no longer help themselves. But, in departing, Lewis begged Breasted that there be no liquor in the apartment at the Grosvenor on his return, and he took with him the first thirty galleys of <Elmer Gantry>.   
On January 4, with the boys back at school and college, Mrs& Lewis wrote Harcourt to say that she was "thro, quite thro". "This whole Washington venture was my last gesture, and it has failed. Physically as well as mentally I have reached the limit of my endurance. My last gift to him is complete silence until the book is out and the first heated discussion dies down. For him to divorce God and wife simultaneously would be bad publicity. I am really ill at the present moment, and I will go to some sort of a sanitarium to normalize myself". And she withdrew then to Cromwell Hall, in Cromwell, Connecticut.   
Harcourt replied: "I do really hope you can achieve serenity in the course of time. Of course I hope Hal can also, but those hopes are much more faint".

#8#

ON JANUARY 8, 1927, he returned to the Grosvenor in high spirits, and looking fit. He had been, he wrote Mencken at once, "in the country", a euphemism for an experience that had not greatly changed him. Charles Breasted remembers that, before unpacking his bag, he telephoned his bootlegger with a generous order, and almost at once "the familiar procession of people began milling through our living room at any hour between two P&M& and three A&M&". They were strays of every kind- university students and journalists, Village hangers-on and barflies, taxi drivers and editors and unknown poets, as well as friends like Elinor Wylie and William Rose Benet, the Van Dorens and Nathan, Rebecca West and Hugh Walpole and Osbert Sitwell, Laurence Stallings, Lewis Browne, William Seabrook, Arthur Hopkins, the Woodwards. When he came home from his office at the end of the afternoon, Breasted never knew what gathering he should expect to find, but there almost always was one. He did not neglect his wife in Cromwell Hall, but telephoned her and wrote her with assurances of his continuing interest and of his wish to "stand behind" her in their separation and of his hope that there would be no bitterness between them. She was occupying herself in an attempt to write an article about the variety of houses that they had rented abroad. He was of unsettled mind as to whether he should go abroad when the <Gantry> galleys were finished. For a time, urging Breasted to give up his public relations work and take up writing instead, he hoped to persuade him to become his assistant in research for the labor novel; if Breasted agreed, they would get a car and tour the country, visiting every kind of industrial center. When Breasted insisted that this was impossible for him, Lewis decided to go abroad.

He telephoned L& M& Birkhead and asked him and his wife to come to Europe as his guests, but Birkhead declined on the grounds that one of them must be in the United States when <Elmer Gantry> was published. Lewis was spending his mornings, with the help of two secretaries, on the galleys of that long novel, making considerable revisions, and the combination of hard work and hard frivolity exhausted him once more, so that he was compelled to spend three days in the Harbor Sanatorium in the last week of January. Before he made that retreat, he telephoned Earl Blackman in Kansas City and asked him to come to Europe with him. Blackman was to be in New York by February 2, because they were sailing at 12:01 next morning. Lewis told him what clothes he should bring along, and enjoined him not to buy anything that he did not already own, they would do that in New York. Blackman arrived a day or two early, and Lewis took him to a department store immediately and outfitted him, luggage and all, and then he took him to a party at the Woodwards that went on until four in the morning.   
On the evening that they were to sail, Lewis himself gave a party, but he was too indisposed to appear at it. Woodward took occasion to warn Blackman about Lewis's drinking and urged him to "try to keep him sober". After a dinner party for which she had come down to New York, Mrs& Lewis and Casanova arrived to see them off, and Elinor Wylie made tart observations that indicated that Lewis had been less discreet than he had promised to be about the real nature of their separation. Nevertheless, Mrs& Lewis was still solicitous of his condition: let him do as he wished, let him sleep with chambermaids if he must, but, she begged Blackman, try to keep him from drinking a great deal and bring him back in good health. As they stood at the first-class rail, waving down to his wife and Casanova below, Lewis said, "Earl, there is Gracie's future husband". And when questioned by ship's reporters about the separation, she said, "I adore him, and he adores me". Blackman had brought news from Kansas City. Before his departure, a group of his friends, the Reverend Stidger among them, had given him a luncheon, and Stidger had seen advance sheets of <Elmer Gantry>. He was outraged by the book and announced that he had discovered fifty technical errors in its account of church practices. L& M& Birkhead challenged him to name one and he was silent. But his rancor did not cease, and presently, on March 13, when he preached a sermon on the text, "And Ben-hadad Was Drunk", he told his congregation how disappointed he was in Mr& Lewis, how he regretted having had him in his house, and how he should have been warned by the fact that the novelist was drunk all the time that he was working on the book. But that sermon, like those of hundreds of other ministers, was yet to be delivered.   
In London Lewis took the usual suite in Bury Street. To the newspapers he talked about his unquiet life, about his wish to be a newspaperman once more, about the prevalence of American slang in British speech, about the loquacity of the English and the impossibility of finding quiet in a railway carriage, about his plans to wander for two years "unless stopped and made to write another book". The <Manchester Guardian> wondered how anyone in a railway carriage would have an opportunity to talk to Mr& Lewis, since it was well known that Mr& Lewis always did all of the talking. His English friends, it said, had gone into training to keep up with him vocally and with his "allegro movements around the luncheon table". The New York <Times> editorialist wondered just who would stop Mr& Lewis and make him write a book.   
Lewis's remarks about his marriage were suggestive enough to induce American reporters to invade the offices of Harcourt, Brace + Company for information, to pursue Mrs& Lewis to Cromwell Hall, and, after she had returned to New York, to ferret her out at the Stanhope on upper Fifth Avenue where she had taken an apartment. There, to the <Evening Post,> she emphatically denied the divorce rumors and explained that she had stayed behind because of the schooling of their son, which henceforth would be strictly American. These rumors of permanent separation started up a whole crop of stories about her. One had it that a friend, protesting her snobbery, said, "But, Gracie, you are an American, aren't you"? and she replied, "I was born in America, <but> I was <conceived> in <Vienna">. Lewis himself furthered these tales. He is said to have reported that once, when she went to a hospital to call on a friend after a serious operation, and the friend protested that it had been "nothing", she replied, "Well, it was your healthy American peasant blood that pulled you through". With these and similar tales he was entertaining his English friends, all of whom he was seeing when he was not showing Blackman the sights of London and its environs.   
At once upon his arrival, he telephoned Lady Sybil Colefax who invited them to tea, and then Lewis decided to give a party as a quick way of rounding up his friends. He invited Lady Sybil, Lord Thomson, Bechhofer Roberts, and a half dozen others. It was a dinner party, Lewis had been drinking during the afternoon, and long before the party really got under way, he was quite drunk, with the result that the party broke up even before dinner was over. Lewis, at the head of the table, would leap up and move around behind the chairs of his guests making remarks that, when not highly offensive, were at least highly inappropriate, and then presently he collapsed and was put to bed.   
When Blackman emerged from the bedroom, everyone was gone except the tolerant Lord Thomson, who stayed and chatted with him for half an hour, and then Blackman lay awake most of that night, despairing of what he must expect on the Continent. Finally, at dawn, he fell asleep, and when he awoke and came into the living room, he found Lewis in his pajamas before the fire, smoking a cigarette. Blackman said that he wanted to apologize for not having prevented Lewis from making that horrible spectacle of himself, that he should have seized him by the neck at once and forcibly hauled him into his bedroom. Lewis warned him never to lay a hand on him, and then Blackman asked for his fare back to the United States. Lewis looked at him and began to cry, and then, saying that he was going to make a promise, he asked Blackman to call the porter and to tell him to take out all the liquor that he did not want. "And from now on, for the rest of this trip, I will only drink what you agree that I should drink". Blackman called the porter and had him remove everything but one bottle of brandy, and after that they would have a cocktail or two before dinner, or, on one of their walking trips, beer, or, in France and Italy, wine in moderation.

Lewis gave him a guidebook tour of London and, motoring and walking, took him to Stratford, but the London stay was for only ten days, and on the twentieth they took the train for Southampton, where they spent the night for an early morning Channel crossing. Near Southampton, in a considerable establishment, lived Homer Vachell, a well-known pulp writer, and his brother, Horace- both friends of Lewis's. He suggested that they call on these brothers, who received them pleasantly. Then they returned to their hotel and got ready for bed. It was late, and Blackman was ready to go to sleep, but Lewis was not. He said, "We had a good time tonight, didn't we, Earl"? Earl agreed, and Lewis said that it would have been very different if his wife had been with him. Then he kept Blackman awake for more than an hour while he did an imaginary dialogue between his wife and himself in which, discussing the evening, he was continually berated. He began the dialogue by having his wife announce that one does not invade people's homes without warning them that one is coming, and went on from that with the entire catalogue of his social gaucheries. From 1613 on, if the lists exist, they contain between twenty to thirty names. As the total number of incepting bachelors in 1629 was, according to Masson (<Life>, 1:218 and ~n), two hundred fifty-nine, the twenty-four names listed in the <ordo senioritatis> for that year constitute slightly less than one tenth of the total number of bachelors who then incepted. There were four from St& John's and four from Christ's, three from Pembroke, and two from each of the colleges, Jesus, Peterhouse, Queens', and Trinity, with Caius, Clare, King's, Magdalene, and Sidney supplying one each in the <ordo senioritatis>. The list was headed by [Henry] Hutton of St& John's who was matriculated from St& John's at Easter, 1625. He became a fellow of Jesus in 1629, proceeded M&A& from Jesus in 1632, and was proctor in 1639-40. The second name was [Edward] Kempe, matriculated from Queens' College at Easter, 1625. He proceeded M&A& in 1632, and B&D& in 1639, being made fellow in 1632. He was ordained deacon 16 June and priest 22 December 1633. The third name was [John] Ravencroft, who was admitted to the Inner Temple in November 1631. The fourth name was [John] Milton of Christ's College, followed by [Richard] Manningham of Peterhouse, who matriculated 16 October 1624. Venn gave his B&A& as 1624, a mistake for 1629. Manningham also proceeded M&A& in 1632 and became a fellow of his college in that year. [John] Boutflower of Christ's was twelfth in the list, coming from Perse School under Mr& Lovering as pensioner 20 April 1625 under Mr& Alsop. The fourteenth name was [Richard] Buckenham, written Buckman, admitted to Christ's College under Scott 2 July 1625. The fifteenth name was [Thomas] Baldwin, admitted to Christ's 4 March 1625 under Alsop. Christ's College was well represented that year in the <ordo>, and the name highest on the list from that college was Milton's, fourth in the entire university. Small wonder that Milton later boasted of how well his work had been received there, since he attained a rank in the order of commencing bachelors higher than that of any other inceptor from Christ's of that year.

It is not possible to reconstruct fully the arrangements whereby these honors lists were then made up or even how the names that they contained assumed the order in which we find them. The process usually began with a tutor boasting about a boy, as Chappell had boasted about Lightfoot, to the higher officers of the college and university. Then the various officers of the college might take up the case. It would, however, reach the proctors and other officers in charge of the public-school performances of the incepting bachelors, and the place that any individual obtained in the lists depended greatly on how he comported himself in the public schools during his acts therein as he was incepting. Of course the higher officials could add or place a name on the list wherever they wished. Milton's name being fourth is neither too high nor too low to be assigned to the arbitrary action of vice-chancellor, proctor, master, or other mighty hand. He evidently earned the place assigned him.

#RECAPITULATION OF MILTON'S UNDERGRADUATE CAREER#

Looking back from the spring of 1629 over the four years of Milton's undergraduate days, certain phases of his college career stand out as of permanent consequence to him and hence to us. Of course the principal factor in the whole experience was the kind of education he received. It differed from what an undergraduate receives today from any American college or university mainly in the certainty of what he was forced to learn compared with the loose and widely scattered information obtained today by most of our undergraduates. Milton was required to absorb and display an intensive and accurate knowledge of Latin grammar, logic-rhetoric, ethics, physics or natural philosophy, metaphysics, and Latin, Greek, and Hebrew. He had also sampled various special fields of learning, being unable to miss some study of divinity, Justinian (law), and Galen (medicine). Above all, he had learned to write formal Latin prose and verse to a remarkable degree of artistry. He had learned to dispute devastatingly, both formally and informally in Latin, and according to the rules on any topic, pro or con, drawn from almost any subject, more especially from Aristotle's works. He could produce carefully constructed orations, set and formal speeches, artfully and prayerfully made by writing and rewriting with all the aid his tutor and others could provide, and then delivered verbatim from memory. He had also learned to dispute extempore remarkably well, the main evidence for which of course is the presence of his name in the honors list of 1628/29. He also displayed the ability to write Latin verse on almost any topic of dispute, the verses, of course, to be delivered from memory. Then we have surviving at least one instance of a poem prepared for another in <Naturam non Pati Senium>, and perhaps also the <De Idea Platonica>. But his greatest achievement, in his own eyes and in the eyes of his colleagues and teachers, was his amazing ability to produce literary Latin pieces, and he was often called on to do so. These were his public academic activities, <domi forisque>, in the college and in the university. And his performances attracted much attention, as the frequency of his surviving pieces in any calendar that may be set up for his undergraduate activities testifies.   
His other activities are not so easily recovered. His statements about sports and exercises of a physical nature are suggestive, but inconclusive. His later boastings of his skill with the small sword are indicative of much time and practice devoted to the use of that weapon. Venn and others have dealt with sports and pastimes at Cambridge in Milton's day with not very specific results. Milton himself, uncommunicative as he is about his lesser and nonliterary activities, at least gives us some evidence that he was a great walker, under any and all conditions. His early poems and some of his prose prolusions speak of wanderings in the city and the neighboring country that may be extended to Cambridge and its surrounding countryside. The town itself and the "reedy Cam" he often visited, as did all in the university. The churches, the taverns, and the various other places of the town must have known his figure well as he roved to and about them. The tiny hamlet of Chesterton to the north, with the fens and marshes lying on down the Ouse River, may have attracted him often, as it did many other youths of the time. The Gog Magog Hills to the southeast afforded him and all other students a vantage point from which to view the town and university of their dwelling. The country about Cambridge is flat and not particularly spectacular in its scenery, though it offers easy going to the foot traveler. Ball games, especially football, required some attention, and other organized sports may have attracted him as participant or spectator. He smoked, as did everybody, and imbibed the various alcoholic beverages of that day, although his protestations while at Cambridge and after that he was no drunkard point to reasonable abstinence from the wild drinking bouts of some of the undergraduates and, we must add, of some of their elders including many of the regents or teachers.

What manner of person does Milton appear to have been when as an undergraduate he resided at Christ's College? He was then a slightly built young man of pleasing appearance, medium stature, and handsome face. Graceful as his fencing and dancing lessons had taught him to be in addition to the natural grace of his slight, wiry frame, he cut enough of a figure to have evoked a nickname in the college, to which he himself referred in <Prolusion /6,: A quibusdam, audivi nuper Domina>. That is, if we can trust that most specious of prolusions, packed as it is with wit and persiflage. The <Domina> sounds real enough, if we could only trust the conditions under which we learn of its use; but anyone who would put much trust in any phase of <Prolusion /6,> except its illusive allusiveness deserves whatever fate may be meted out to him by virtue of the egregiously stilted banter. In short, the traditional epithet for Milton of 'Lady of Christ's', while eminently fitting, rests only on this baffling passage in the midst of the most treacherous piece of writing Milton left us. Aubrey's mention of it (2:67, and Bodleian ~MS Aubr& 8, f& 63) comes from this prolusion, through Christopher Milton or Edward Phillips. It is not a question of truth or falsity; the prolusion in which the autobiographic statement about the epithet occurs is such a mass of intentionally buried allusions that almost nothing in it can be accepted as true- or discarded as false. The entire exercise, Latin and English, is most suggestive of the kind of person Milton had become at Christ's during his undergraduate career; the mere fact that he was selected, though as a substitute, to act as interlocutor or moderator for it, or perhaps we should say with Buck as 'father of the act', is in itself a difficult phase of his development to grasp. Milton was to act as the archfool, the supreme wit, the lightly bantering <pater, Pater Liber,> who could at once trip lightly over that which deserved such treatment, or could at will annihilate the common enemies of the college gathering, and with words alone. From an exercise involving merely raucous, rough-and-tumble comedy, in his hands the performance turned into a revel of wit and word play, indecent at times, but always learned, pointed, and carefully aimed at some individuals present, and at the whole assembly. To do this successfully required great skill and a special talent for both solemn and ribald raillery, a talent not bestowed on many persons, but one with which Milton was marked as being endowed and in which, at least in this performance, he obviously reveled. It may be thought unfortunate that he was called on entirely by accident to perform, if again we may trust the opening of the <oratio>, for it marks the beginning for us of his use of his peculiar form of witty word play that even in this Latin banter has in it the unmistakable element of viciousness and an almost sadistic delight in verbally tormenting an adversary. But the real beginnings of this development in him go back to the opposing of grammar school, and probably if it had not been this occasion and these Latin lines it would have been some others, such as the first prolusion, that set off this streak in him of unbridled and scathing verbal attack on an enemy. All western Europe would hear and listen to him in this same vein about the middle of the century.

But these prolusions that we have surviving from the Christ's College days are only one phase of his existence then. Perhaps his most important private activity was the combination of reading, discussion with a few- if we can trust his writings to Diodati and the younger Gill, very few- congenial companions. Lines 23-36 of <Lycidas> later point to a friendship with Edward King, who entered Christ's College 9 June 1626. No other names among the young men in residence at the time seem to have been even suggested by Milton as those of persons with whom he in any way consorted. But that scarcely means that he was the aloof, forbidding type of student who shared few if any activities with his fellows, the banter of the surviving prolusions providing enough evidence to deny this. Apparently he was not a participant in the college or university theatricals, which he once attacked as utterly unworthy performances (see <Apology,> 3:300); but even in that famous passage, Milton was aiming not at the theatricals as such but at their performance by 'persons either enter'd, or presently to enter into the ministry'. The fact that he nowhere mentioned theatrical performances as part of the activities of the boys later in his hypothetical academy (1644) should not be taken too seriously as evidence that he desired them to eschew such performances. Perhaps, in that short piece or letter written to Hartlib in which he sketched his scheme for educating young men, he merely overlooked that phase of their exercises. Writers of this class of science fiction have clearly in mind the assumptions that man can master the principles of this cause-and-effect universe and that such mastery will necessarily better the human lot. On the other hand, the bright vision of the future has been directly stated in science fiction concerned with projecting ideal societies- science fiction, of course, is related, if sometimes distantly, to that utopian literature optimistic about science, literature whose period of greatest vigor in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries produced Edward Bellamy's <Looking Backward> and H& G& Wells's <A Modern Utopia>. In Arthur Clarke's <Childhood's End> (1953), though written after the present flood of dystopias began, we can see the bright vision of science fiction clearly defined.   
<Childhood's End>- apparently indebted to Kurd Lasswitz's utopian romance, <Auf Zwei Planeten> (1897), and also to Wells's histories of the future, especially <The World Set Free> (1914) and <The Shape of Things to Come> (1933)- describes the bloodless conquest of earth by the Overlords, vastly superior creatures who come to our world in order to prepare the human race for its next stage of development, an eventual merging with the composite mind of the universe. Arriving just in time to stop men from turning their planet into a radioactive wasteland, the Overlords unite earth into one world in which justice, order, and benevolence prevail and ignorance, poverty, and fear have ceased to exist. Under their rule, earth becomes a technological utopia. Both abolition of war and new techniques of production, particularly robot factories, greatly increase the world's wealth, a situation described in the following passage, which has the true utopian ring: "Everything was so cheap that the necessities of life were free, provided as a public service by the community, as roads, water, street lighting and drainage had once been. A man could travel anywhere he pleased, eat whatever he fancied- without handing over any money". With destructive tensions and pressures removed men have the vigor and energy to construct a new human life- rebuilding entire cities, expanding facilities for entertainment, providing unlimited opportunities for education- indeed, for the first time giving everyone the chance to employ his talents to the fullest. Mankind, as a result, attains previously undreamed of levels of civilization and culture, a golden age which the Overlords, a very evident symbol of science, have helped produce by introducing reason and the scientific method into human activities. Thus science is the savior of mankind, and in this respect <Childhood's End> only blueprints in greater detail the vision of the future which, though not always so directly stated, has nevertheless been present in the minds of most science-fiction writers.   
Considering then the optimism which has permeated science fiction for so long, what is really remarkable is that during the last twelve years many science-fiction writers have turned about and attacked their own cherished vision of the future, have attacked the <Childhood's End> kind of faith that science and technology will inevitably better the human condition. And they have done this on a very large scale, with a veritable flood of novels and stories which are either dystopias or narratives of adventure with dystopian elements. Because of the means of publication- science-fiction magazines and cheap paperbacks- and because dystopian science fiction is still appearing in quantity the full range and extent of this phenomenon can hardly be known, though one fact is evident: the science-fiction imagination has been immensely fertile in its extrapolations. Among the dystopias, for example, Isaac Asimov's <The Caves of Steel> (1954) portrays the deadly effects on human life of the super-city of the future; James Blish's <A Case of Conscience> (1958) describes a world hiding from its own weapons of destruction in underground shelters; Ray Bradbury's <Fahrenheit 451> (1954) presents a book-burning society in which wall television and hearing-aid radios enslave men's minds; Walter M& Miller, Jr&'s, <A Canticle for Leibowitz> (1959) finds men, after the great atomic disaster, stumbling back to their previous level of civilization and another catastrophe; Frederick Pohl's "The Midas Touch" (1954) predicts an economy of abundance which, in order to remain prosperous, must set its robots to consuming surplus production; Clifford D& Simak's "How-2" (1954) tells of a future when robots have taken over, leaving men nothing to do; and Robert Sheckley's <The Status Civilization> (1960) describes a world which, frightened by the powers of destruction science has given it, becomes static and conformist. A more complete list would also include Bradbury's "The Pedestrian" (1951), Philip K& Dick's <Solar Lottery> (1955), David Karp's <One> (1953), Wilson Tucker's <The Long Loud Silence> (1952), Jack Vance's <To Live Forever> (1956), Gore Vidal's <Messiah> (1954), and Bernard Wolfe's <Limbo> (1952), as well as the three perhaps most outstanding dystopias, Frederik Pohl and C& M& Kornbluth's <The Space Merchants> (1953), Kurt Vonnegut's <Player Piano> (1952), and John Wyndham's <Re-Birth> (1953), works which we will later examine in detail. The novels and stories like Pohl's <Drunkard's Walk> (1960), with the focus on adventure and with the dystopian elements only a dim background- in this case an uneasy, overpopulated world in which the mass of people do uninteresting routine jobs while a carefully selected, university-trained elite runs everything- are in all likelihood as numerous as dystopias.

There is, of course, nothing new about dystopias, for they belong to a literary tradition which, including also the closely related satiric utopias, stretches from at least as far back as the eighteenth century and Swift's <Gulliver's Travels> to the twentieth century and Zamiatin's <We,> Capek's <War with the Newts,> Huxley's <Brave New World,> E& M& Forster's "The Machine Stops", C& S& Lewis's <That Hideous Strength,> and Orwell's <Nineteen Eighty-Four,> and which in science fiction is represented before the present deluge as early as Wells's trilogy, <The Time Machine,> "A Story of the Days to Come", and <When the Sleeper Wakes,> and as recently as Jack Williamson's "With Folded Hands" (1947), the classic story of men replaced by their own robots. What makes the current phenomenon unique is that so many science-fiction writers have reversed a trend and turned to writing works critical of the impact of science and technology on human life. Since the great flood of these dystopias has appeared only in the last twelve years, it seems fairly reasonable to assume that the chief impetus was the 1949 publication of <Nineteen Eighty-Four,> an assumption which is supported by the frequent echoes of such details as Room 101, along with education by conditioning from <Brave New World,> a book to which science-fiction writers may well have returned with new interest after reading the more powerful Orwell dystopia.

Not all recent science fiction, however, is dystopian, for the optimistic strain is still very much alive in <Mission of Gravity> and <Childhood's End,> as we have seen, as well as in many other recent popular novels and stories like Fred Hoyle's <The Black Cloud> (1957); and among works of dystopian science fiction, not all provide intelligent criticism and very few have much merit as literature- but then real quality has always been scarce in science fiction. In addition, there are many areas of the human situation besides the impact of science and technology which are examined, for science-fiction dystopias often extrapolate political, social, economic tendencies only indirectly related to science and technology. Nevertheless, with all these qualifications and exceptions, the current dystopian phenomenon remains impressive for its criticism that science and technology, instead of bringing utopia, may well enslave, dehumanize, and even destroy men. How effectively these warnings can be presented is seen in Pohl and Kornbluth's <The Space Merchants,> Vonnegut's <Player Piano> and Wyndham's <Re-Birth>.   
Easily the best known of these three novels is <The Space Merchants,> a good example of a science-fiction dystopia which extrapolates much more than the impact of science on human life, though its most important warning is in this area, namely as to the use to which discoveries in the behavioral sciences may be put. The novel, which is not merely dystopian but also brilliantly satiric, describes a future America where one-sixteenth of the population, the men who run advertising agencies and big corporations, control the rest of the people, the submerged fifteen-sixteenths who are the workers and consumers, with the government being no more than "a clearing house for pressures". Like ours, the economy of the space merchants must constantly expand in order to survive, and, like ours, it is based on the principle of "ever increasing everybody's work and profits in the circle of consumption". The consequences, of course, have been dreadful: reckless expansion has led to overpopulation, pollution of the earth and depletion of its natural resources. For example, even the most successful executive lives in a two-room apartment while ordinary people rent space in the stairwells of office buildings in which to sleep at night; soyaburgers have replaced meat, and wood has become so precious that it is saved for expensive jewelry; and the atmosphere is so befouled that no one dares walk in the open without respirators or soot plugs.

While <The Space Merchants> indicates, as Kingsley Amis has correctly observed, some of the "impending consequences of the growth of industrial and commercial power" and satirizes "existing habits in the advertising profession", its warning and analysis penetrate much deeper. What is wrong with advertising is not only that it is an "outrage, an assault on people's mental privacy" or that it is a major cause for a wasteful economy of abundance or that it contains a coercive tendency (which is closer to the point). Rather what Kornbluth and Pohl are really doing is warning against the dangers inherent in perfecting "a science of man and his motives". <The Space Merchants,> like such humanist documents as Joseph Wood Krutch's <The Measure of Man> and C& S& Lewis's <The Abolition of Man,> considers what may result from the scientific study of human nature. If man is actually the product of his environment and if science can discover the laws of human nature and the ways in which environment determines what people do, then someone- a someone probably standing outside traditional systems of values- can turn around and develop completely efficient means for controlling people. Thus we will have a society consisting of the planners or conditioners, and the controlled. And this, of course, is exactly what Madison Avenue has been accused of doing albeit in a primitive way, with its "hidden persuaders" and what the space merchants accomplish with much greater sophistication and precision.   
Pohl and Kornbluth's ad men have long since thrown out appeals to reason and developed techniques of advertising which tie in with "every basic trauma and neurosis in American life", which work on the libido of consumers, which are linked to the "great prime motivations of the human spirit". As the hero, Mitchell Courtenay, explains before his conversion, the job of advertising is "to convince people without letting them know that they're being convinced". And to do this requires first of all the kind of information about people which is provided by the scientists in industrial anthropology and consumer research, who, for example, tell Courtenay that three days is the "optimum priming period for a closed social circuit to be triggered with a catalytic cue-phrase"- which means that an effective propaganda technique is to send an idea into circulation and then three days later reinforce or undermine it. And the second requirement for convincing people without their knowledge is artistic talent to prepare the words and pictures which persuade by using the principles which the scientists have discovered. Thus the copywriter in the world of the space merchants is the person who in earlier ages might have been a lyric poet, the person "capable of putting together words that stir and move and sing". As Courtenay explains, "Here in this profession we reach into the souls of men and women. And we do it by taking talent- and redirecting it".   
Now the basic question to be asked in this situation is what motivates the manipulators, that is, what are their values?- since, as Courtenay says, "Nobody should play with lives the way we do unless he's motivated by the highest ideals". But the only ideal he can think of is "Sales"! Indeed, again and again, the space merchants confirm the prediction of the humanists that the conditioners and behavioral scientists, once they have seen through human nature, will have nothing except their impulses and desires to guide them. ##

We often say of a person that he "looks young for his age" or "old for his age". Yet even in the more extreme of such cases we seldom go very far astray in guessing what his age actually is. And this means, I suppose, that almost invariably age reveals itself by easily recognizable signs engraved on both the body and the mind. "Young for his age" means only the presence of some minor characteristic not quite usual. Stigmata quite sufficient for diagnosis are nevertheless there. An assumption of youth, or the presence of a few youthful characteristics, deceives no more successfully than rouge or dyed hair. "Looking young for your age" means "for your age" and it means no more.   
A mind expressing itself in words may reveal itself a little less obviously as old or young. Its surface loses its bloom and submits to its wrinkles in ways less immediately obvious than the body does. Youth may be, and often is, skeptical, cynical or despairing; age may be idealistic, believing and much given to professions of optimism. But there is, nevertheless, always a subtle difference in the way in which supposedly similar opinions are held. The pessimism of the young is defiant, anxious to confess or even exaggerate its ostensible gloom, and so exuberant as to reveal the fact that it regards its ability to face up to the awful truth as more than enough to compensate for the awfulness of that truth. Similarly the optimism of age protests too much. If it proclaims that the best is yet to be, it always arouses, at least in the young, either a suspicious question or perhaps the exclamation of the Negro youth who saw on a tombstone the inscription, "I am not dead but sleeping". "Boy, you ain't fooling nobody but yourself".   
We may say of some unfortunates that they were never young. We cannot truthfully say of anyone who has succeeded in entering deep into his sixties that he was never old. Those famous lines of the Greek Anthology with which a fading beauty dedicates her mirror at the shrine of a goddess reveal a wise attitude: "Venus take my votive glass, Since I am not what I was, What from this day I shall be, Venus, let me never see".   
No good can come of contemplating the sad, inevitable fact that once youth has passed "a worse and worse time still succeeds the former". But there are at least two reasons for contemplating one's <mind> in even a cracked mirror. One is that there sometimes are real although inadequate compensations in growing old. Serenity, if one is fortunate enough to achieve it, is not so good as joy, but it is something. Even to be "from hope and fear set free" is at least better than to have lost the first without having got rid of the second. The other reason (and the one with which I am here concerned) is that one thus becomes inclined to inquire of any opinion, or change of opinion, whether it represents the wisdom of experience or is only the result of the difference between youth and age which is as inevitable as the all too obvious physical differences. One may be exasperatingly aware that if the answer is favorable it will be judged such only by those of one's own age. But at least the question has been raised. Many readers of this department no doubt discount certain of my opinions for the simple reason that they can guess pretty accurately, even if they have never actually been told, what my age is. At least I should like them to know that I know these discounts are being made. ##

Let me then (and in public) glance into the mirror. I have known some men and women who said that the selves they are told about or even remember seem utter strangers to them now; that their remote past is as discontinuous with their present selves, as lacking in any conscious likeness to their mature personality, as the self of a butterfly may be imagined discontinuous with that of the caterpillar it once was. For my part I find it difficult to conceive such a state of affairs. I have changed and I have reversed opinions; but I am so aware of an uninterrupted continuity of the persona or ego that I see only as absurd the tendency of some psychologists from Heraclitus to Pirandello and Proust to regard consciousness as no more than a flux amid which nothing remains unchanged. So far as I am concerned, the child is unmistakably father to the man, despite the obvious fact that child and father differ greatly- sometimes for the better and sometimes for the worse.   
Fundamental values, temperament and the way in which one approaches a conviction change less, of course, than specific opinions. That fact is very clearly illustrated in the case of the many present-day intellectuals who were Communists or near-Communists in their youth and are now so extremely conservative (or reactionary, as many would say) that they can define no important political conviction that does not seem so far from even a centrist position as to make the distinction between Mr& Nixon and Mr& Khrushchev for them hardly worth noting. But in ways more fundamental than specific political opinions they are still what they always were: passionate, sure without a shadow of doubt of whatever it is that they are sure of, capable of seeing black and white only and, therefore, committed to the logical extreme of whatever it is they are temporarily committed to.

To those of my readers who find many of my opinions morally, or politically, or sociologically antiquated (and I have reason to know that there are some such), I would like to say what I have already hinted, namely, that some of my opinions may indeed be subject to some discount on the simple ground that I am no longer young and therefore incapable of being youthful of mind. But I will also remind them that I have always been inclined to skepticism, to a kind of Laodicean lack of commitment so far as public affairs are concerned; so that, although not as eager as I once was to be disapproved of, I can still resist prevailing opinions.   
At about the age of twelve I became a Spencerian liberal, and I have always considered myself a liberal of some kind even though the definition has changed repeatedly since Spencer became a reactionary. Several times in my youth I voted the Socialist ticket, but less because I was Socialist than because I was not either a Republican or a Democrat, and I voted for Franklin Roosevelt every time he was a candidate. Yet during the years when I was on the staff of the <Nation,> I tried to the limit the patience of the editors on almost every occasion when I was permitted to write an editorial having a bearing on a political or social question.   
Never once during the trying thirties did I come so close to succumbing to the private climate of opinion as to grant Russian communism even that most weasel-worded of encomiums "an interesting experiment". There are few things of which I am prouder than of that unblemished record. Many of my friends at the time thought that I had received a well-deserved condemnation when Lincoln Steffens denounced me in a review of one of my books as a perfect example of the obsolete man who could understand and sympathize only with the dead past. But he, as I can now retort, was the man who could see so short a distance ahead that after a visit to Russia he gave voice to the famous exclamation: "I have seen the future and it works".

The favorite excuse of those who have now recanted their approval of communism is that they did not know how things would develop. With this excuse I have never been much impressed. There was, it seems to me, enough in the openly declared principles and intentions of Russian leaders to alienate honorable men without their having to wait to see how it would turn out.   
Once many years ago I sat at dinner next to Arthur Train, and the subject of the <Nation> came up. He asked me suddenly, "What are <your> political opinions"? "Well", I replied, "some of my colleagues on the paper regard me as a rank reactionary". After a moment's thought he replied, "That still leaves you a lot of latitude". And I suppose it did.   
I never have been, and am not now, any kind of utopian. When I first came across Samuel Johnson's pronouncement, "the remedy for the ills of life is palliative rather than radical", it seemed to me to sum up the profoundest of political and social truths. It will probably explain more of my attitudes toward society than any other phrase or principle could. ##

Why did I choose to fill these pages in this particular issue with this mixture of rather tenuous reflections and autobiography? The reason is, I think, my awareness that my remarks last quarter on pacifism may well have served to confirm the opinion of some that my tendency to skepticism and dissent gets us nowhere, and that I am simply too old to hope. I would, however, like to suggest that, wrong though I may be, the tendency to see dilemmas rather than solutions is one of which I have been a victim ever since I can remember, and therefore not merely a senile phenomenon. I know that one must act. But one need not always be sure that the action is either wise or conclusive.   
Apropos of what some would call cynicism, I remember an anecdote the source of which I forget. It concerns a small-town minister who staged an impressive object lesson by confining a lion and a lamb together in the same cage outside his church door. Not only his parishioners, but the whole town and, ultimately, the whole county were enormously impressed by this object lesson. One day he was visited by a delegation of would-be imitators who wanted to know his secret. "How on earth do you manage it? What is the trick"? "Why", he replied, "it is perfectly simple; there is no trick involved. All you have to do is put in a fresh lamb from time to time". Cynical? Blasphemous? Not really, it seems to me. The promise that the lion and the lamb will lie down together was given in the future tense. It is not something that can be expected to happen now. ##

Without really changing the general subject, I take this opportunity to confess that I am troubled by doubts, not only about pacifism, but also when asked to join in the protest against a law that most of those who consider themselves humane and liberal seem to regard as obviously barbarous; namely, the law that prescribes the death penalty for murder when there seem to be no extenuating circumstances. It is not that I am unaware of the force of their strongest contention. Life, they say, should be regarded as sacred and, therefore, as something that neither an individual nor his society has a right to take away. In fact I cannot imagine myself condemning a man to the noose or the electric chair if I had to take, as an individual, the responsibility for his death. Just as I know I would make a bad soldier even though I cannot sincerely call myself a pacifist, so too I would not be either a hangman by profession or, if I could avoid it, even a member of a hanging jury. Despite these facts the question "Should no murderer ever be executed"? seems to me to create a dilemma not to be satisfactorily disposed of by a simple negative answer.   
Punishment of the wrongdoer, so liberals are inclined to say, can have only three possible justifications: revenge, reformation or deterrent example. For here if anywhere in contemporary literature is a major effort to counterbalance Existentialism and restore some of its former lustre to the tarnished image of the species Man, or, as Malraux himself puts it, "to make men conscious of the grandeur they ignore in themselves". #/1,#

Andre Malraux's <The Walnut Trees of Altenburg> was written in the early years of the second World War, during a period of enforced leisure when he was taken prisoner by the Germans after the fall of France. The manuscript, presumably after being smuggled out of the country, was published in Switzerland in 1943. The work as it stands is not the entire book that Malraux wrote at that time- it is only the first section of a three-part novel called <La Lutte avec l'Ange;> and this first section was somehow preserved (there are always these annoying little mysteries about the actual facts of Malraux's life) when the Gestapo destroyed the rest. If we are to believe the list of titles printed in Malraux's latest book, <La Metamorphose des Dieux,> Vol& /1, (1957), he is still engaged in writing a large novel under his original title. But as he remarks in his preface to <The Walnut Trees,> "a novel can hardly ever be rewritten", and "when this one appears in its final form, the form of the first part **h will no doubt be radically changed". Malraux pretends, perhaps with a trifle too self-conscious a modesty, that his fragmentary work will accordingly "appeal only to the curiosity of bibliophiles" and "to connoisseurs of what might have been". Even in its present form, however, the first part of Malraux's unrecoverable novel is among the greatest works of mid-twentieth century literature; and it should be far better known than it is.

The theme of <The Walnut Trees of Altenburg> is most closely related to its immediate predecessor in Malraux's array of novels: <Man's Hope> (1937). This magnificent but greatly underestimated book, which bodies forth the very form and pressure of its time as no other comparable creation, has suffered severely from having been written about an historical event- the Spanish Civil War- that is still capable of fanning the smoldering fires of old political feuds. Even so apparently impartial a critic as W& H& Frohock has taken for granted that the book was originally intended as a piece of Loyalist propaganda; and has then gone on to argue, with unimpeachable consistency, that all the obviously non-propagandistic aspects of the book are simply inadvertent "contradictions".   
Nothing, however, could be farther from the truth. The whole purpose of <Man's Hope> is to portray the tragic dialectic between means and ends inherent in all organized political violence- and even when such violence is a necessary and legitimate self-defense of liberty, justice and human dignity. Nowhere before in Malraux's pages have we met such impassioned defenders of a "quality of man" which transcends the realm of politics and even the realm of action altogether- both the action of Malraux's early anarchist-adventurers like Perken and Garine, and the self-sacrificing action of dedicated Communists like Kyo Gisors and Katow in <Man's Fate>. "Man engages only a small part of himself in an action" says old Alvear the art-historian; "and the more the action claims to be total, the smaller is the part of man engaged". These lines never cease to haunt the book amidst all the exaltations of combat, and to make an appeal for a larger and more elemental human community than one based on the brutal necessities of war.   
It is this larger theme of the "quality of man", a quality that transcends the ideological and flows into "the human", which now forms the pulsating heart of Malraux's artistic universe. Malraux, to be sure, does not abandon the world of violence, combat and sudden death which has become his hallmark as a creative artist, and which is the only world, apparently, in which his imagination can flame into life. <The Walnut Trees of Altenburg> includes not one war but two, and throws in a Turkish revolution along with some guerrilla fighting in the desert for good measure. But while war still serves as a catalyst for the values that Malraux wishes to express, these values are no longer linked with the triumph or defeat of any cause- whether that of an individual assertion of the will-to-power, or a collective attempt to escape from the humiliation of oppression- as their necessary condition. On the contrary, the frenzy and furor of combat is only the sombre foil against which the sudden illuminations of the human flash forth with the piercing radiance of a Caravaggio. #/2,#

<The Walnut Trees of Altenburg> is composed in the form of a triptych, with the two small side panels framing and enclosing the main central episode of the novel. This central episode consists of a series of staccato scenes set in the period from the beginning of the present century up to the first World War. The framing scenes, on the other hand, both take place in the late Spring of 1940, just at the moment of the defeat of France in the second great world conflict. The narrator is an Alsatian serving with the French Army, and he has the same name (Berger) that Malraux himself was later to use in the Resistance; like Malraux he was also serving in the tank corps before being captured, and we learn as well that in civilian life he had been a writer. These biographical analogies are obvious, and far too much time has been spent speculating on their possible implications.   
Much more important is to grasp the feelings of the narrator (whose full name is never given) as he becomes aware of the disorganized and bewildered mass of French prisoners clustered together in a temporary prison camp in and around the cathedral of Chartres. For as his companions gradually dissolve back into a state of primitive confrontation with elemental necessity, as they lose all the appanage of their acquired culture, he is overcome by the feeling that he is at last being confronted with the essence of mankind. "As a writer, by what have I been obsessed these last ten years, if not by mankind? Here I am face to face with the primeval stuff".   
The intuition about mankind conveyed in these opening pages is of crucial importance for understanding the remainder of the text; and we must attend to it more closely than has usually been done. What does the narrator see and what does he feel? A good many pages of the first section are taken up with an account of the dogged determination of the prisoners to write to their wives and families- even when it becomes clear that the Germans are simply allowing the letters to blow away in the wind. Awkwardly and laboriously, in stiff, unemotional phrases, the soldiers continue to bridge the distance between themselves and those they love; they instinctively struggle to keep open a road to the future in their hearts. And by a skillful and unobtrusive use of imagery (the enclosure is called a "Roman-camp stockade", the hastily erected lean-to is a "Babylonian hovel", the men begin to look like "Peruvian mummies" and to acquire "Gothic faces"), Malraux projects a fresco of human endurance- which is also the endurance of the human- stretching backward into the dark abyss of time. The narrator feels himself catching a glimpse of pre-history, learning of man's "age-old familiarity with misfortune", as well as his "equally age-old ingenuity, his secret faith in endurance, however crammed with catastrophes, the same faith perhaps as the cave-men used to have in the face of famine". This new vision of man that the narrator acquires is also accompanied by a re-vision of his previous view. "I thought I knew more than my education had taught me" notes the narrator, "because I had encountered the militant mobs of a political or religious faith". Is this not Malraux himself alluding to his own earlier infatuation with the ideological? But now he knows "that an intellectual is not only a man to whom books are necessary, he is any man whose reasoning, however elementary it may be, affects and directs his life". From this point of view the "militant mobs" of the past, stirred into action by one ideology or another, were all composed of "intellectuals"- and this is not the level on which the essence of mankind can be discovered. The men around him, observes the narrator, "have been living from day to day for thousands of years". The human is deeper than a mass ideology, certainly deeper than the isolated individual; and the narrator recalls the words of his father, Vincent Berger: "It is not by any amount of scratching at the individual that one finally comes down to mankind".   
The entire middle section of <The Walnut Trees> is taken up with the life of Vincent Berger himself, whose fragmentary notes on his "encounters with mankind" are now conveyed by his son. "He was not much older than myself" writes the narrator, "when he began to feel the impact of that human mystery which now obsesses me, and which makes me begin, perhaps, to understand him". For the figure of Vincent Berger Malraux has obviously drawn on his studies of T& E& Lawrence (though Berger fights on the side of the Turks instead of against them), and like both Lawrence and Malraux himself he is a fervent admirer of Nietzsche. A professor at the University of Constantinople, where his first course of lectures was on Nietzsche and the "philosophy of action", Vincent Berger becomes head of the propaganda department of the German Embassy in Turkey. As an Alsatian before the first World War he was of course of German nationality; but he quickly involves himself in the Young Turk revolutionary movement to such an extent that his own country begins to doubt his patriotism. And, after becoming the right-hand man of Enver Pasha, he is sent by the latter to pave the way for a new Turkish Empire embracing "the union of all Turks throughout Central Asia from Adrianople to the Chinese oases on the Silk Trade Route".   
Vincent Berger's mission is a failure because the Ottoman nationalism on which Enver Pasha counted does not exist. Central Asia is sunk in a somnolence from which nothing can awaken it; and amid a dusty desolation in which nothing human any longer seemed to survive, Vincent Berger begins to dream of the Occident. "Oh for the green of Europe! Trains whistling in the night, the rattle and clatter of cabs **h". Finally, after almost being beaten to death by a madman- he could not fight back because madmen are sacred to Islam- he throws up his mission and returns to Europe. This has been his first encounter with mankind, and, although he has now become a legendary figure in the popular European press, it leaves him profoundly dissatisfied. Despite Berger's report, Enver Pasha refuses to surrender his dream of a Turkish Blood Alliance; and Vincent Berger learns that political ambition is more apt to hide than to reveal the truth about men. But as he discovers shortly, on returning among intellectuals obsessed by <le culte du moi,> his experience of action had also taught him a more positive lesson. "For six years my father had had to do too much commanding and convincing" writes the narrator, "not to understand that man begins with 'the other'".   
And when Vincent Berger returns to Europe, this first result of his encounters with mankind is considerably enriched and deepened by a crucial revelation. For a dawning sense of illumination occurs in consequence of two events which, as so often in Malraux, suddenly confront a character with the existential question of the nature and value of human life. One such event is the landing in Europe itself, when the mingled familiarity and strangeness of the Occident, after the blank immensities of Asia, shocks the returning traveller into a realization of the infinite <possibilities> of human life. In a pessimistic assessment of the cold war, Eden declared: "There must be much closer unity within the West before there can be effective negotiation with the East". Ordinary methods of diplomacy within the free world are inadequate, said the former Prime Minister. "Something much more thorough is required". Citing the experience of the Combined Chiefs of Staff in World War /2,, Eden said that all would have been confusion and disarray without them. "This", he said, "is exactly what has been happening between the politically free nations in the postwar world. We need joint chiefs of a political general staff". Citing the advances of Communist power in recent years, Sir Anthony observed: "This very grave state of affairs will continue until the free nations accept together the reality of the danger that confronts them and unite their policies and resources to meet it".   
While I fully agree with Sir Anthony's contention, I think that we must carry the analysis farther, bearing in mind that while common peril may be the measure of our <need>, the existence or absence of a positive sense of community must be the measure of our <capacity>.   
While it is hazardous to project the trend of history, it seems clear that a genuine community is painfully emerging in the Western world, particularly among the countries of Western Europe. At the end of World War /2,, free Europe was ready for a new beginning. The excesses of nationalism had brought down upon Europe a generation of tyranny and war, and a return to the old order of things seemed unthinkable. Under these conditions a new generation of Europeans began to discover the bonds of long association and shared values that for so long had been subordinated to nationalist xenophobia. A slow and painful trend toward unification has taken hold, a trend which may at any time be arrested and reversed but which may also lead to a binding federation of Europe. It may well be that the unification of Europe will prove inadequate, that the survival of free society will require nothing less than the confederation of the entire Western world.   
The movement toward European unity has been expressed in two currents: federalism and functionalism, one looking to the constitution of a United States of Europe, the other building on wartime precedents of practical coo^peration for the solution of specific problems. Thus far the advances made have been almost entirely along functional lines.   
Many factors contributed to the growth of the European movement. In 1946 Sir Winston Churchill, who had spoken often of European union during the war, advocated the formation of "a kind of United States of Europe". Had Churchill been returned to office in 1945, it is just possible that Britain, instead of standing fearfully aloof, would have <led> Europe toward union.   
In 1947 and 1948 the necessity of massive coo^rdinated efforts to achieve economic recovery led to the formation of the Organization for European Economic Coo^peration to supervise and coo^rdinate the uses of American aid under the Marshall Plan. The United States might well have exploited the opportunity provided by the European Recovery Program to push the hesitant European nations toward political federation as well as economic coo^peration, but all proposals to this effect were rejected by the United States Government at the time.   
Another powerful factor in the European movement was the threat of Soviet aggression. The Communist coup in Czechoslovakia in 1948 was followed immediately by the conclusion of the Brussels Treaty, a 50-year alliance among Britain, France and the Benelux countries. And of course the Soviet threat was responsible for ~NATO, the grand alliance of the Atlantic nations.   
New organs of unification proliferated in the decade following the conclusion of the ~NATO alliance. In 1949 the Council of Europe came into existence, a purely consultative parliamentary body but the first organ of political rather than functional unity. In 1952, the European Coal and Steel Community was launched, placing the coal and steel production of France, West Germany, Italy and Benelux under a supranational High Authority. For a time it appeared that a common European army might be created, but the project for a European Defense Community was rejected by the French National Assembly in 1954. In 1957 the social-economic approach to European integration was capped by the formation among "the Six" of a tariff-free European Common Market, and Euratom for coo^peration in the development of atomic energy.   
The "overseas" democracies have generally encouraged the European unification movement without seriously considering the wisdom of their own full participation in a broader Atlantic community. The United States and Canada belong only to ~NATO and the new O&E&C&D&. Britain until recently went along in some areas with all of the enthusiasm of the groom at a shotgun wedding. In other areas it held back, pleading its Commonwealth bonds. Now Britain has decided to seek admission to the European Economic Community and it seems certain that she will be joined by some of her partners in the loose Free Trade Area of the "Outer Seven". Besides its historical significance as a break with the centuries-old tradition of British insularity, Britain's move, if successful, will constitute an historic landmark of the first importance in the movement toward the unification of Europe and the Western world.   
If a broader Atlantic community is to be formed- and my own judgment is that it lies within the realm of both our needs and our capacity- a ready nucleus of machinery is at hand in the ~NATO alliance. The time is now ripe, indeed overdue, for the vigorous development of its non-military potentialities, for its development as an instrument of Atlantic community. What is required is the full implementation of Article 2 of the Treaty, which provides: "The Parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions, by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded, and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being. They will seek to eliminate conflict in their international economic policies and will encourage economic collaboration between any and all of them". As Lester Pearson wrote in 1955: "~NATO cannot live on fear alone. It cannot become the source of a real Atlantic community if it remains organized to deal only with the military threat which first brought it into being".   
The problem of ~NATO is not one of machinery, of which there is an abundance, but of the will to use it. The ~NATO Council is available as an executive agency, the Standing Group as a high military authority. The unofficial Conference of Parliamentarians is available as a potential legislative authority. This machinery will not become the instrument of an Atlantic community by fiat, but only when that community evolves from potentiality to reality. The existence of a community is a state of mind- a conviction that goals and values are widely shared, that effective communication is possible, that mutual trust is reasonably assured.   
An equally promising avenue toward Atlantic community may lie through the development and expansion of the O&E&C&D& Conceived as an organ of economic coo^peration, there is no reason why O&E&C&D& cannot evolve into a broader instrument of union if its members so desire. Indeed it might be a more appropriate vehicle than ~NATO for the development of a parliamentary organ of the Atlantic nations, because it could encompass <all> of the members of the Atlantic community including those, like Sweden and Switzerland, who are unwilling to be associated with an essentially military alliance like ~NATO.   
Underlying these hopes and prescriptions is a conviction that the nations of the North Atlantic area do indeed form a community, at least a potential community. There is nothing new in this; what is new and compelling is that the West is now but one of several powerful civilizations, or "systems", and that one or more of the others may pose a mortal danger to the West. For centuries the North Atlantic nations dominated the world and as long as they did they could afford the luxury of fighting each other. That time is now past and the Atlantic nations, if they are to survive, must develop a full-fledged community, and they must also look beyond the frontiers of "Western civilization" toward a world-wide "concert of free nations". #/6,#

#TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE TO SMALL BUSINESS COMMUNITY#

The Small Business Administration (~SBA) provides guidance and advice on sources of technical information relating to small business management and research and development of products. _SMALL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT_ Practical management problems and their suggested solutions are dealt with in a series of ~SBA publications. These publications, written especially for the managers or owners of small businesses, indirectly aid in community development programs. They are written by specialists in numerous types of business enterprises, cover a wide range of subjects, and are directed to the needs and interests of the small firm.

~SBA offers Administrative Management Courses, which are designed to improve the management efficiency and "know-how" of small business concerns within a community. ~SBA cosponsors these courses with educational institutions and community groups.   
Through the ~SBA's Management Counseling Program, practical, personalized advice on sound management principles is available upon request to both prospective and established businessmen in a community. One-day conferences covering some specific phase of business management, also part of the continuing activities of the Small Business Administration, aid community economic development programs. These short, "streamlined" meetings usually are sponsored by local banks, Chambers of Commerce, trade associations, or other civic organizations. _PRODUCT RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT_ Production specialists in ~SBA regional offices are available to help individual small business concerns with technical production problems. Guidance and advice are available on new product research and development; new product potential; processing methods; product and market developments; new industrial uses for raw, semi-processed and waste, materials; and industrial uses for agricultural products.   
~SBA serves also as a clearing house for information on products and processes particularly adaptable for exploitation by small firms. This may be helpful in improving the competitive position of established firms through diversification and expansion or through more economical utilization of plant capacity. _PRODUCTION ASSISTANCE_ Production specialists are available in ~SBA regional offices to help individual small business concerns with technical production problems. These problems frequently arise where a firm is making items for the Government not directly along the lines of its normal civilian business or where the Government specifications require operations that the firm did not understand when it undertook the contract. Production assistance often takes the form of locating tools or materials which are urgently needed. Advice is given also on problems of plant location and plant space. _PROPERTY SALES ASSISTANCE_ The property sales assistance program is designed to assist small business concerns that may wish to buy property offered for sale by the Federal Government. Under this program, property sales specialists in the Small Business Administration regional offices help small business concerns to locate Federal property for sale and insure that small firms have the opportunity to bid competitively for surplus personal and real property and certain natural resources, including timber from the national forests.   
~SBA works closely with the principal property disposal installations of the Federal Government in reviewing proposed sales programs and identifying those types of property that small business concerns are most likely to be interested in purchasing. Proposed property sales of general interest to small business concerns are publicized through ~SBA regional news releases, and by "flyers" directed to the small business concerns. Each ~SBA regional office also maintains a "want" list of surplus property, principally machinery and equipment, desired by small business concerns in its area. When suitable equipment is located by the ~SBA representative, the small business concern is contacted and advised on when, where, and how to bid on such property. _FACILITIES INVENTORY_ Section 8 (~b) (2) of the Small Business Act, as amended, authorizes the ~SBA to make a complete inventory of the productive facilities of small business concerns. The Administration maintains a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily registered. It is kept in each Regional office for the small firms within the region. Purpose of this inventory is to include all eligible productive facilities in ~SBA's facilities register so that the small business concerns may have an opportunity to avail themselves of the services authorized by the Congress in establishing the Small Business Administration. These services include procurement and technical assistance and notice of surplus sales and invitations to bid on Government contracts for products and services within the registrants' field of operations. ~SBA can make complete facilities inventories of all small business concerns in labor surplus areas within budgetary and staff limitations. _CONTACT_ For further information, contact Small Business Administration Regional Offices in Atlanta, Ga&; Boston, Mass&; Chicago, Ill&; Cleveland, Ohio; Dallas, Tex&; Denver, Colo&; Detroit, Mich&; Kansas City, Mo&; Los Angeles, Calif&; Minneapolis, Minn&; New York, N&Y&; Philadelphia, Pa&; Richmond, Va&; San Francisco, Calif&; and Seattle, Wash&. Branch Offices are located in other large cities. _PRINTED MATERIAL_ <Small Business Administration, What It Is, What It Does, ~SBA Services for Community Economic Development>, and various other useful publications on currently important management, technical production, and marketing topics are available, on request, from Small Business Administration, Washington 25, D&C&. <New Product Introduction for Small Business Owners>, 30 cents; <Developing and Selling New Products>, 45 cents; <U&S& Government Purchasing, Specifications, and Sales Directory>, 60 cents, are available from the Superintendent of Documents, U&S& Government Printing Office, Washington 25, D&C&.

#LOANS#

_TO SMALL BUSINESS_ ~SBA makes loans to individual small business firms, providing them with financing when it is not otherwise available through private lending sources on reasonable terms. Many such loans have been made to establish small concerns or to aid in their growth, thereby contributing substantially to community development programs. _LOAN POLICIES._ ~SBA loans, which may be made to small manufacturers, small business pools, wholesalers, retailers, service establishments and other small businesses (when financing is not otherwise available to them on reasonable terms), are to finance business construction, conversion, or expansion; the purchase of equipment, facilities, machinery, supplies, or materials; or to supply working capital. Evidence that other sources of financing are unavailable must be provided. _TYPES OF LOANS._ ~SBA business loans are of two types: "participation" and "direct". Participation loans are those made jointly by the ~SBA and banks or other private lending institutions. Direct loans are those made by ~SBA alone. To qualify for either type of loan, an applicant must be a small business or approved small business "pool" and must meet certain credit requirements. A small business is defined as one which is independently owned and operated and which is not dominant in its field. In addition, the ~SBA uses such criteria as number of employees and dollar volume of the business. _CREDIT REQUIREMENTS._ The credit requirements stipulate that the applicant must have the ability to operate the business successfully and have enough capital in the business so that, with loan assistance from the ~SBA, it will be able to operate on a sound financial basis. A proposed loan must be for sound purposes or sufficiently secured so as to assure a reasonable chance of repayment. The record of past earnings and prospects for the future must indicate it has the ability to repay the loan out of current and anticipated income. _LOAN AMOUNT._ The amount which may be borrowed from the ~SBA depends on how much is required to carry out the intended purpose of the loan. The maximum loan which ~SBA may make to any one borrower is $350,000. Business loans generally are repayable in regular installments- usually monthly, including interest at the rate of 5-1/2 percent per annum on the unpaid balance- and have a maximum maturity of 10 years; the term of loans for working capital is 6 years. _CONTACT_ For further information, contact ~SBA Regional Offices in Atlanta, Ga&; Boston, Mass&; Chicago, Ill&; Cleveland, Ohio; Dallas, Tex&; Denver, Colo&; Detroit, Mich&; Kansas City, Mo&; Los Angeles, Calif&; Minneapolis, Minn&; New York, N&Y&; Philadelphia, Pa&; Richmond, Va&; San Francisco, Calif&; and Seattle, Wash&. Branch Offices are located in other large cities. _PRINTED MATERIAL_ <Small Business Administration, What It Is, What It Does; ~SBA Business Loans;> and <Small Business Pooling> are available, on request, from Small Business Administration, Washington 25, D&C&, and its regional offices. _TO COOPERATIVES_ The Farm Credit Administration, an independent agency located within the Department of Agriculture, supervises and coordinates a cooperative credit system for agriculture. The system is composed of three credit services, Federal Land Banks and National Farm Loan Associations, Federal Intermediate (short-term) Credit Banks, and Banks for Cooperatives. This system provides long- and short-term credit to farmers and their cooperative marketing, purchasing, and business service organizations.   
As a source of investment capital, the system is beneficial to local communities and encourages the development of industries in rural areas. The credit provdied by the first two services in the system outlined above is primarily for general agricultural purposes. The third credit service, Banks for Cooperatives, exists under authority of the Farm Credit Act of 1933. The Banks for Cooperatives were established to provide a permanent source of credit on a sound basis for farmers' cooperatives. _TYPES OF LOANS._ Three distinct classes of loans are made available to farmers' cooperatives by the Banks for Cooperatives: Commodity loans, operating capital loans, and facility loans. _ELIGIBILITY._ To be eligible to borrow from a Bank for Cooperatives, a cooperative must be an association in which farmers act together in processing and marketing farm products, purchasing farm supplies, or furnishing farm business services, and must meet the requirements set forth in the Farm Credit Act of 1933, as amended. _INTEREST RATES._ Interest rates are determined by the board of directors of the bank with the approval of the Farm Credit Administration. _CONTACT_ For further information, contact the Bank for Cooperatives serving the region, or the Farm Credit Administration, Research and Information Division, Washington 25, D&C&. _PRINTED MATERIAL_ Available, on request, from U&S& Department of Agriculture, Washington 25, D&C&, are: <Cooperative Farm Credit Can Assist in Rural Development> (Circular No& 44), and <The Cooperative Farm Credit System> (Circular No& 36-~A).

#MINERALS EXPLORATION#

To encourage exploration for domestic sources of minerals, the Office of Minerals Exploration (~OME) of the U&S& Department of the Interior offers financial assistance to firms and individuals who desire to explore their properties or claims for 1 or more of the 32 mineral commodities listed in the ~OME regulations. _REQUIREMENTS_ This help is offered to applicants who ordinarily would not undertake the exploration under present conditions or circumstances at their sole expense and who are unable to obtain funds from commercial sources on reasonable terms. Each applicant is required to own or have sufficient interest in the property to be explored. The Government will contract with an eligible applicant to pay up to one-half of the cost of approved exploration work as it progresses. The applicant pays the rest of the cost, but his own time spent on the work and charges for the use of equipment which he owns may be applied toward his share of the cost. _REPAYMENT_ Funds contributed by the Government are repaid by a royalty on production from the property. If nothing is produced, there is no obligation to repay. A 5-percent royalty is paid on any production during the period the contract is in effect; if the Government certifies that production may be possible from the property, the royalty obligation continues for the 10-year period usually specified in the contract or until the Government's contribution is repaid with interest. The royalty applies to both principal and interest, but it never exceeds 5 percent. _CONTACT_ Information, application forms, and assistance in filing may be obtained from the Office of Minerals Exploration, U&S& Department of the Interior, Washington 25, D&C&, or from the appropriate regional office listed below:

In most of the less developed countries, however, such programing is at best inadequate and at worst nonexistent. Only a very few of the more advanced ones, such as India and Pakistan, have developed systematic techniques of programing.   
Others have so-called development plans, but some of these are little more than lists of projects collected from various ministries while others are statements of goals without analysis of the actions required to attain them. Only rarely is attention given to accurate progress reports and evaluation. _WE CAN HELP IN THE PLANNING PROCESS_ Neither growth nor a development program can be imposed on a country; it must express the nation's own will and goal. Nevertheless, we can administer an aid program in such a manner as to promote the development of responsible programing.

<First>, we can encourage responsibility by establishing as conditions for assistance on a substantial and sustained scale the definition of objectives and the assessment of costs.   
<Second>, we can make assistance for particular projects conditional on the consistency of such projects with the program.   
<Third>, we can offer technical help in the formulation of programs for development which are adapted to the country's objectives and resources. This includes assistance in- **h assembling the basic economic, financial, technological, and educational information on which programing depends; **h surveying the needs and requirements over time of broad sectors of the economy, such as transport, agriculture, communication, industry, and power; **h designing the financial mechanisms of the economy in ways that will promote growth without inflation; and **h administrative practices which will make possible the more effective review and implementation of programs once established. _WE MUST USE COMMON SENSE IN APPLYING CONDITIONS_ The application of conditions in the allocation of aid funds cannot, of course, be mechanical. It must be recognized that countries at different stages of development have very different capabilities of meeting such conditions. To insist on a level of performance in programing and budgeting completely beyond the capabilities of the recipient country would result in the frustration of the basic objective of our development assistance to encourage more rapid growth.   
In the more primitive areas, where the capacity to absorb and utilize external assistance is limited, some activities may be of such obvious priority that we may decide to support them before a well worked out program is available. Thus, we might provide limited assistance in such fields as education, essential transport, communications, and agricultural improvement despite the absence of acceptable country programs. In such a case, however, we would encourage the recipient country to get on with its programing task, supply it with substantial technical assistance in performing that task, and make it plain that an expansion or even a continuation of our assistance to the country's development was conditional upon programing progress being made.   
At the other end of the spectrum, where the more advanced countries can be relied upon to make well thought through decisions as to project priorities within a consistent program, we should be prepared to depart substantially from detailed project approval as the basis for granting assistance and to move toward long-term support, in cooperation with other developed countries, of the essential foreign exchange requirements of the country's development program.

#D. ENCOURAGING SELF-HELP#

_1. THE REASONS FOR STRESSING SELF-HELP_ A systematic approach to development budgeting and programing is one important kind of self-help. There are many others. It is vitally important that the new U&S& aid program should encourage all of them, since the main thrust for development must come from the less developed countries themselves. External aid can only be marginal, although the margin, as in the case of the Marshall plan, can be decisive. External aid can be effective only if it is a complement to self-help. U&S& aid, therefore, should increasingly be designed to provide incentives for countries to take the steps that only they themselves can take. _AID ADVICE IS NOT INTERFERENCE_ In establishing conditions of self-help, it is important that we not expect countries to remake themselves in our image. Open societies can take many forms, and within very broad limits recipients must be free to set their own goals and to devise their own institutions to achieve those goals. On the other hand, it is no interference with sovereignty to point out defects where they exist, such as that a plan calls for factories without power to run them, or for institutions without trained personnel to staff them. Once we have made clear that we are genuinely concerned with a country's development potential, we can be blunt in suggesting the technical conditions that must be met for development to occur. _2. THE RANGE OF SELF-HELP_ The major areas of self-help are the following: _(A) THE EFFECTIVE MOBILIZING OF RESOURCES._ This includes not only development programing, but also establishing tax policies designed to raise equitably resources for investment; fiscal and monetary policies designed to prevent serious inflation; and regulatory policies aimed to attract the financial and managerial resources of foreign investment and to prevent excessive luxury consumption by a few. _(B) THE REDUCTION OF DEPENDENCE ON EXTERNAL SOURCES._ This includes foreseeing balance-of-payments crises, with adequate attention to reducing dependence on imports and adopting realistic exchange rates to encourage infant industries and spur exports. It also includes providing for the training of nationals to operate projects after they are completed. _(C) TAPPING THE ENERGIES OF THE ENTIRE POPULATION._ For both economic and political reasons all segments of the population must be able to share in the growth of a country. Otherwise, development will not lead to longrun stability. _(D) HONESTY IN GOVERNMENT._ In many societies, what we regard as corruption, favoritism, and personal influence are so accepted as consistent with the mores of officialdom and so integral a part of routine administrative practice that any attempt to force their elimination will be regarded by the local leadership as not only unwarranted but unfriendly. Yet an economy cannot get the most out of its resources if dishonesty, corruption, and favoritism are widespread. Moreover, tolerance by us of such practices results in serious waste and diversion of aid resources and in the long run generates anti-American sentiment of a kind peculiarly damaging to our political interest. Some of the most dramatic successes of communism in winning local support can be traced to the identification- correct or not- of Communist regimes with personal honesty and pro-Western regimes with corruption. A requirement of reasonably honest administration may be politically uncomfortable in the short run, but it is politically essential in the long run. _3. U&S& POSITION ON SELF-HELP_ The United States can use its aid as an incentive to self-help by responding with aid on a sustained basis, tailored to priority needs, to those countries making serious efforts in self-help.   
In many instances it can withhold or limit its aid to countries not yet willing to make such efforts.   
There are other countries where, with skillful diplomacy, we may be able by our aid to give encouragement to those groups in government which would like to press forward with economic and social reform measures to promote growth. Governments are rarely monolithic.

But there will be still other countries where, despite the inadequacy of the level of self-help, we shall deem it wise, for political or military reasons, to give substantial economic assistance. Even in these cases we should promote self-help by making it clear that our supporting assistance is subject to reduction and ultimately to termination.

#E. ENCOURAGING A LONG-TERM APPROACH#

_1. DEVELOPMENT REQUIRES A LONG-TERM APPROACH_ The most fundamental concept of the new approach to economic aid is the focusing of our attention, our resources, and our energies on the effort to promote the economic and social development of the less developed countries. This is not a short-run goal. To have any success in this effort, we must ourselves view it as an enterprise stretching over a considerable number of years, and we must encourage the recipients of our aid to view it in the same fashion. _MOST OF OUR AID WILL GO TO THOSE NEARING SELF-SUFFICIENCY_ How long it will take to show substantial success in this effort will vary greatly from country to country. In several significant cases, such as India, a decade of concentrated effort can launch these countries into a stage in which they can carry forward their own economic and social progress with little or no government-to-government assistance. These cases in which light is already visible at the other end of the tunnel are ones which over the next few years will absorb the bulk of our capital assistance. _GRADUALLY OTHERS WILL MOVE UP TO THE SAME LEVEL_ The number of countries thus favorably situated is small, but their peoples constitute over half of the population of the underdeveloped world. Meantime, over the decade of the sixties, we can hope that many other countries will ready themselves for the big push into self-sustaining growth. In still others which are barely on the threshold of the transition into modernity, the decade can bring significant progress in launching the slow process of developing their human resources and their basic services to the point where an expanded range of developmental activities is possible. _AID IS A LONG-TERM PROCESS_ The whole program must be conceived of as an effort, stretching over a considerable number of years, to alter the basic social and economic conditions in the less developed world. It must be recognized as a slow-acting tool designed to prevent political and military crises such as those recently confronted in Laos and Cuba. It is not a tool for dealing with these crises after they have erupted. _2. THE SPECIFIC REASONS FOR A LONG-TERM APPROACH_ _(A) THE NEED TO BUDGET A PERIOD OF YEARS._ Many of the individual projects for which development assistance is required call for expenditures over lengthy periods. Dams, river development schemes, transportation networks, educational systems require years to construct. Moreover, on complex projects, design work must be completed and orders for machinery and equipment placed months or even years before construction can commence. Thus, as a development program is being launched, commitments and obligations must be entered into in a given year which may exceed by twofold or threefold the expenditures to be made in that year. The capital expansion programs of business firms involve multi-year budgeting and the same is true of country development programs. _(B) THE NEED TO PLAN INVESTMENT PROGRAMS._ More importantly, several of the more advanced of the less developed countries have found through experience that they must plan their own complex investment programs for at least 5 years forward and tentatively for considerably more than that if they are to be sure that the various interdependent activities involved are all to take place in the proper sequence. Without such forward planning, investment funds are wasted because manufacturing facilities are completed before there is power to operate them or before there is transport to service them; or a skilled labor force is trained before there are plants available in which they can be employed. _(C) THE NEED TO ALLOCATE COUNTRY RESOURCES._ Most important of all, the less developed countries must be persuaded to take the necessary steps to allocate and commit their own resources. They must be induced to establish the necessary tax, fiscal, monetary, and regulatory policies. They must be persuaded to adopt the other necessary self-help measures which are described in the preceding section. The taking of these steps involves tough internal policy decisions. Moreover, once these steps are taken, they may require years to make themselves felt. They must, therefore, be related to long-range development plans. _3. PROVIDING AN INCENTIVE_ If the less developed countries are to be persuaded to adopt a long-term approach, the United States, as the principal supplier of external aid, must be prepared to give long-term commitments. In this, as in so many aspects of our development assistance activities, the incentive effects of the posture we take are the most important ones. The extent to which we can persuade the less developed countries to appraise their own resources, to set targets toward which they should be working, to establish in the light of this forward perspective the most urgent priorities for their immediate attention, and to do the other things which they must do to help themselves, all on a realistic long-term basis, will depend importantly on the incentives we place before them. If they feel that we are taking a long-term view of their problems and are prepared to enter into reasonably long-term association with them in their development activities, they will be much more likely to undertake the difficult tasks required. Perhaps the most important incentive for them will be clear evidence that where other countries have done this kind of home work we have responded with long-term commitments.

You have heard him tell these young people that during his almost 50 years of service in the Congress he has seen the Kaisers and the Hitlers and the Mussolinis, the Tojos and Stalins and Khrushchevs, come and go and that we are passing on to them the freest Nation that mankind has ever known. Then I have seen the pride of country well in the eyes of these young people.   
So, I say, Mr& Speaker, God bless you and keep you for many years not only for this body but for the United States of America and the free world. You remember the words of President Kennedy a week or so ago, when someone asked him when he was in Canada, and Dean Rusk was in Europe, and Vice President JOHNSON was in Asia, "Who is running the store"? and he said "The same fellow who has been running it, SAM RAYBURN".

#GENERAL LEAVE TO EXTEND#

_MR& MCCORMACK._ Mr& Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members who desire to do so may extend their remarks at this point in the RECORD; and also that they may have 5 legislative days in which to extend their remarks. _THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE._ Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts?   There was no objection.

#REMARKS OF HON& JOSEPH P& ADDABBO OF NEW YORK#

_MR& ADDABBO._ It is notably significant that so many Members from both sides of the aisle express their respect and admiration for our beloved Speaker, the Honorable SAM RAYBURN. I purposely refrained from adding the usual distinction of saying that he was from the State of Texas. I did so because I agree with so many here today, that he is the beloved Speaker of all the people of the United States. For the dignity, the influence, and the power of the legislative branch of our Government- it is a privilege for us to do honor to this great man who represents not alone his own district but all the people of our country. To honor him is to honor ourselves.

In this my first year as a Member of this body I have experienced many memorable moments. Many of these experiences are so important that they will be cherished forever by me. And, like many of you here present, I hold as the highlight of all, the occasion of my first meeting with the honorable Speaker of the House. At that time, he afforded me the courtesy of his busy workday for such length as I may need, to speak about my background, my hopes, my views on various national and local topics, and any problems that I may have been vexed with at the time. He was fatherly in his handling of all subjects with me and tremendously wise in his counsel. In conclusion, he wished me well- and as kindly and humbly as this humane gentleman could express himself, he asked to be remembered to my wife and children.   
In my short period here I believe that at no time has he been otherwise than the most popular man on both sides of the aisle. He is most effective in the ordinary business of the House, and in the legislative accomplishments of this session, he easily rose to great occasion- even at the height of unpleasantness and exciting legislative struggle- and as the Nation witnessed these contests, he rose, even as admitted by those who differed with him, to the proportions of a hero and a noble partisan.   
I am highly privileged today to commemorate the brilliant career of this parliamentary giant. He will ever be my example as a true statesman; one who is thoroughly human, who affects no dignity, and who is endowed with real ability, genuine worth, and sterling honesty- all dedicated to secure the best interests of the country he has loved and served so long. May the Divine Speaker in Heaven bless this country with SAM RAYBURN'S continued service here for years to come.

#REMARKS OF HON& WAYNE L& HAYS OF OHIO#

_MR& HAYS._ It is a matter of deep personal satisfaction for me to add my voice to the great and distinguished chorus of my colleagues in this paean of praise, respect, and affection for Speaker SAM RAYBURN. In this hour of crisis, the wisdom, the dedication, the stabilizing force that he represents in current American government is an almost indispensable source of strength. He has become in this half century the grand old man of American history. It seems to me that the prayers of the whole free world must rise like some vast petition to Providence that SAM RAYBURN'S vigor and his life remain undiminished through the coming decades.   
Here briefly in this humble tribute I have sought for some simple and succinct summation that would define the immense service of this patriot to his country. But the task is beyond me because I hold it impossible to compress in a sentence or two the complicated and prodigious contributions SAM RAYBURN has made as an individual, as a legislator, as a statesman and as a leader and conciliator, to the majestic progress of this Nation. It happens that I am a legislator from Ohio and that I feel deeply about the needs, the aspirations, the interests of my district and my State. What SAM RAYBURN'S life proves to us all is the magnificent lesson in political science that one can devotedly and with absolute dedication represent the seemingly provincial interests of one's own community, one's own district, one's own State, and by that help himself represent even better the sweep and scope of the problems of this the greatest nation of all time.   
For SAM RAYBURN never forgot Bonham, his home community, and he never forgot Texas. In the same way I like to think we owe our loyalty as legislators to our community, our district, our State. And, if we follow the RAYBURN pattern, as consciously or by an instinctual political sense I like to think I have followed it, then the very nature of our loyalty to our own immediate areas must necessarily be reflected in the devotion of our services to our country. For what SAM RAYBURN'S life in this House teaches us is that loyalty and character are not divisive and there is no such thing as being for your country and neglecting your district. There is no such thing as being diligent about national affairs but indifferent about home needs. The two are as one. This may not be the greatest but it certainly comes close to being the greatest lesson SAM RAYBURN'S career, up to this hour, teaches all of us who would aspire to distinction in political life under our processes of government.   
More than that, SAM RAYBURN is the very living symbol of an iron-clad integrity so powerful in his nature and so constantly demonstrated that he can count some of his best friends in the opposition. Through the most rancorous battles of political controversy and the most bitterly fought national and presidential campaigns his character shines as an example of dignity and honesty, forthrightness and nobility. SAM RAYBURN has never had to look back at any of his most devastating fights and ever feel ashamed of his conduct as a combatant under fire or his political manners in the heat of conflicting ambitions. This means much to the American tradition. It is an answer in its way, individual and highly dramatic, to the charge that the democratic process is necessarily vicious in its campaign characteristics. And the name RAYBURN is one of the most dominant in the history of American politics for the last half century.   
It is, I insist, hard to define the RAYBURN contribution to our political civilization because it is so massive and so widespread and so complicated, and because it goes so deep. But this we know: Here is a great life that in every area of American politics gives the American people occasion for pride and that has invested the democratic process with the most decent qualities of honor, decency, and self-respect. I pray to God that he may be spared to us for many years to come for this is an influence the United States and the whole world can ill afford to lose.

#REMARKS OF HON& MELVIN PRICE OF ILLINOIS#

_MR& PRICE._ All but two of my nine terms in the House of Representatives has been served under the Speakership of SAM RAYBURN. Of this I am proud. I have a distinct admiration for this man we honor today because of the humility with which he carries his greatness.   
And SAM RAYBURN is a great man- one who will go down in American history as a truly great leader of the Nation. He will be considered not only great among his contemporaries, but as great among all the Americans who have played a part in the country's history since the beginning.

I pay my personal tribute to SAM RAYBURN, stalwart Texan and great American, not only because today he establishes a record of having served as Speaker of the House of Representatives more than twice as long as Henry Clay, but because of the contributions he has made to the welfare of the people of the Nation during his almost half century of service as a Member of Congress.   
Speaker RAYBURN has not limited his leadership as a statesman to his direction of the House in the Speaker's chair. He had an outstanding record as a legislator since the start of his career in the House in 1913, the 63d Congress. No one has sponsored more progressive and important legislation than has SAM RAYBURN. He is the recognized "father" of the Rural Electrification Administration and the Security and Exchange Commission. But to run the gauntlet of the programs SAM RAYBURN brought into being through his legislative efforts would fill the pages of today's Record.   
No greater pleasure has come to me in my own service in this House than to be present today to participate in this tribute to this great Speaker, this great legislator, this great Texan, this great American.   
My sincere wish is that he continues to add to this record he sets here today.

#REMARKS OF HON& JOHN S& MONAGAN OF CONNECTICUT#

_MR& MONAGAN._ SAM RAYBURN is one of the greatest American public figures in the history of our country and I consider that I have been signally honored in the privilege of knowing SAM RAYBURN and sharing with him the rights and obligations of a Member of the House of Representatives in the Congress of the United States.   
Others may speak of Speaker RAYBURN'S uniquely long and devoted service; of his championship of many of the progressive social measures which adorn our statute books today, and of his cooperation in times of adversity with Presidents of both of our major parties in helping to pilot the Ship of State through the shoals of today's stormy international seas.   
I prefer to speak, however, of SAM RAYBURN, the person, rather than SAM RAYBURN, the American institution.

Although SAM RAYBURN affects a gruff exterior in many instances, nevertheless he is fundamentally a man of warm heart and gentle disposition. No one could be more devoted than he to the American Congress as an institution and more aware of its historical significance in the political history of the world, and I shall never forget his moving talks, delivered in simple yet eloquent words, upon the meaning of our jobs as Representatives in the operation of representative government and their importance in the context of today's assault upon popular government.   
Above all, he is a person to whom a fledgling Representative can go to discuss the personal and professional problems which inevitably confront a new Congressman. In this role of father confessor, he has always been most characteristic and most helpful.   
On September 16, SAM RAYBURN will have served as Speaker twice as long as any predecessor and I am proud to join with others in marking this date, and in expressing my esteem for that notable American, SAM RAYBURN. _ORIGIN OF STATE AUTOMOBILE PRACTICES._ The practice of state-owned vehicles for use of employees on business dates back over forty years. At least one state vehicle was in existence in 1917.   
The state presently owns 389 passenger vehicles in comparison to approximately 200 in 1940.   
The automobile maintenance unit, or motor pool, came into existence in 1942 and has been responsible for centralized maintenance and management of state-owned transportation since that time.   
The motor pool has made exceptional progress in automotive management including establishment of cost billing systems, records keeping, analyses of vehicle use, and effecting economies in vehicle operation. Cars were operated in 1959 for an average .027@ per mile.

Purchase of state vehicles is handled similarly to all state purchases. Unit prices to the state are considerably lower than to the general public because of quantity purchases and no payment of state sales or federal excise taxes. _VEHICLE PURCHASE, ASSIGNMENT AND USE POLICIES._ The legislature's role in policy determination concerning state-owned vehicles has been confined almost exclusively to appropriating funds for vehicles.   
The meaningful policies governing the purchase, assignment, use and management of state vehicles have been shaped by the state's administrative officers.   
Meaningful policies include: (a) kinds of cars the state should own, (b) when cars should be traded, (c) the need and assignment of vehicles, (d) use of cars in lieu of mileage allowances, (e) employees taking cars home, and (f) need for liability insurance on state automobiles.

A review of these policies indicates: _(1)_ The state purchases and assigns grades of cars according to need and position status of driver and use of vehicle. _(2)_ The purchase of compact (economy) cars is being made currently on a test basis. _(3)_ Cars are traded mostly on a three-year basis in the interest of economy. _(4)_ The factors governing need and assignment of cars are flexible according to circumstances. _(5)_ Unsuccessful efforts have been made to replace high mileage allowances with state automobiles. _(6)_ It is reasonably economical for the state to have drivers garage state cars at their homes. _(7)_ The state has recently undertaken liability insurance for drivers of state cars. _AUTOMOBILE PRACTICES IN OTHER STATES._ A survey of practices and/or policies in other states concerning assignment and use of state automobiles reveals several points for comparison with Rhode Island's practices.

Forty-seven states assign or provide vehicles for employees on state business. Two other states provide vehicles, but only with legislative approval.   
States which provide automobiles for employees assign them variously to the agency, the individual, or to a central pool.

Twenty-six states operate a central motor pool for acquisition, allocation and/or maintenance of state-owned vehicles. Nineteen states report laws, policies or regulations for assigning state vehicles in lieu of paying mileage allowances. Of these states the average "change-over" point (at which a car is substituted for allowances) is 13,200 miles per year. _MILEAGE ALLOWANCES._ Mileage allowances for state employees are of two types: (a) actual mileage and (b) fixed monthly allowances.   
Actual mileage allowances are itemized reimbursements allowed employees for the use of personally-owned vehicles on state business at the rate of .07@ per mile. Fixed monthly allowances are reimbursements for the same purpose except on a non-itemized basis. Both allowances are governed by conditions and restrictions set forth in detail in the state's Travel Regulations.

Rhode Island's reimburseable rate of .07@ per mile for use of personally-owned cars compares favorably with other states' rates. The average of states' rates is .076@ per mile. Rhode Island's rate of .07@ per mile is considerably lower than reimburseable rates in the federal government and in industry nationally which approximate a .09@ per mile average.   
Actual mileage allowances are well-administered and not unduly expensive for the state. The travel regulations, requirements and procedures governing reimbursement are controlled properly and not overly restrictive. Fixed monthly allowances are a controversial subject. They have a great advantage in ease of audit time and payment. However, they lend themselves to abuse and inadequate control measures. Flat payments over $50 per month are more expensive to the state than the assignment of state-owned vehicles. _TRAVEL ALLOWANCES._ Travel allowances, including subsistence, have been revised by administrative officials recently and compare favorably with other states' allowances. With few exceptions travelers on state business are allowed actual travel expenses and $15 per day subsistence. Travel allowances are well-regulated and pose little problem in administration and/or audit control.

#ORIGIN OF STATE AUTOMOBILE PRACTICES#

_GENERAL BACKGROUND._ It is difficult to pinpoint the time of origin of the state purchasing automobiles for use of employees in Rhode Island. Few records are available concerning the subject prior to 1940. Those that are available shed little light. The Registry of Motor Vehicles indicates that at least one state automobile was registered as far back as 1917. It should be enough to say that the practice of the state buying automobiles is at least forty years old.   
The best reason that can be advanced for the state adopting the practice was the advent of expanded highway construction during the 1920s and '30s. At that time highway engineers traveled rough and dirty roads to accomplish their duties. Using privately-owned vehicles was a personal hardship for such employees, and the matter of providing state transportation was felt perfectly justifiable.   
Once the principle was established, the increase in state-owned vehicles came rapidly. And reasons other than employee need contributed to the growth. Table 1 immediately below shows the rate of growth of vehicles and employees. This rate of increase does not signify anything in itself. It does not indicate loose management, ineffective controls or poor policy. But it does show that automobiles have increased steadily over the years and in almost the same proportion to the increase of state employees. In the past twenty years the ratio of state-owned automobiles per state employees has varied from 1 to 22 then to 1 to 23 now. Whether there were too few automobiles in 1940 or too many now is problematical. The fact is simply that state-owned vehicles have remained in practically the same proportion as employees to use them. _HISTORY AND OPERATION OF THE MOTOR POOL._ While the origin of state-owned automobiles may be obscured, subsequent developments concerning the assignment, use, and management of state automobiles can be related more clearly. Prior to 1942, automobiles were the individual responsibility of the agency to which assigned. This responsibility included all phases of management. It embraced determining when to purchase and when to trade vehicles, who was to drive, when and where repairs were to be made, where gasoline and automobile services were to be obtained and other allied matters. In 1942, however, the nation was at war. Gasoline and automobile tires were rationed commodities. The state was confronted with transportation problems similar to those of the individual. It met these problems by the creation of the state automobile maintenance unit (more popularly called the motor pool), a centralized operation for the maintenance and control of all state transportation. The motor pool then, as now, had headquarter facilities in Providence and other garages located throughout the state. It was organizationally the responsibility of the Department of Public Works and was financed on a rotary fund basis with each agency of government contributing to the pool's operation. In 1951 the pool's operation was transferred to the newly-created Department of Administration, an agency established as the central staff and auxiliary department of the state government. The management of state-owned vehicles since that time has been described in a recent report in the following manner: "  Under this new management considerable progress appears to have been made. The agencies of government are now billed for the actual cost of services provided to each passenger car rather than the prior uniform charge for all cars. Whereas the maintenance rotary fund had in the past sustained losses considerably beyond expectations, the introduction of the cost-billing system plus other control refinements has resulted in keeping the fund on a proper working basis. One indication of the merits of the new management is found in the fact that during the period 1951-1956, while total annual mileage put on the vehicles increased 35%, the total maintenance cost increased only 11%. "  In order to further refine the management of passenger vehicles, on July 1, 1958, the actual title to every vehicle was transferred, by Executive Order, to the Division of Methods, Research and Office Services. The objective behind this action was to place in one agency the responsibility for the management, assignment, and replacement of all vehicles. (Note: So far as State Police cars are concerned, only their replacement is under this division). This tied in closely with the current attempt to upgrade state-owned cars to the extent that vehicles are not retained beyond the point where maintenance costs (in light of depreciation) become excessive. Moreover, it allows the present management to reassign vehicles so that mileage will be more uniformly distributed throughout the fleet; for example, if one driver puts on 22,000 miles per year and another driver 8,000 miles per year, their cars will be switched so that both cars will have 30,000 miles after two years, rather than 44,000 miles (and related higher maintenance costs) and 16,000 miles respectively".   
The motor pool is a completely centralized and mechanized operation. It handles all types of vehicle maintenance, but concentrates more on "service station activities" than on extensive vehicle repairs. It contracts with outside repair garages for much of the latter work. Where the pool excels is in its compilation of maintenance and cost-data studies and analyses. Pool records reveal in detail the cost per mile and miles per gallon of each vehicle, the miles traveled in one year or three years, the periods when vehicle costs become excessive, and when cars should be traded for sound economies. From this, motor pool personnel develop other meaningful and related data. In 1959-60, vehicles averaged an operating cost of .027@ per mile. Based on this figure and considering depreciation costs of vehicles, pool personnel have determined that travel in excess of 10,000 miles annually is more economical by state car than by payment of allowances for use of personally-owned vehicles. They estimate further that with sufficient experience and when cost-data of compact cars is compiled, the break-even point may be reduced to 7,500 miles of travel per year. Table 2 shows operating cost data of state vehicles selected at random.   
One matter of concern to the complete effectiveness of pool operations is the lack of adequate central garage facilities. Present pool quarters at two locations in Providence are crowded, antiquated and, in general, make for inefficient operation in terms of dispersement of personnel and duplication of such operational needs as stock and repair equipment. Good facilities would be a decided help to pool operations and probably reduce vehicle costs even more. _PURCHASING PRACTICES._ The purchase of state-owned vehicles is handled in the same manner as all other purchases of the state. Requests are made by the motor pool along with any necessary cooperation from the agencies to which assignments of cars will be made. Bids are evaluated by the Division of Purchases with the assistance of pool staff, and awards for the purchase of the automobiles are made to the lowest responsible bidders. Unit prices for state vehicles are invariably lower than to the general public. The reasons are obvious: (1) the state is buying in quantity, and (2) it has no federal excise or state sales tax to pay. Until 1958 the state was also entitled to a special type of manufacturers' discount through the dealers.   
In that ownership of all vehicles rests with the state motor pool, cars are paid for with funds appropriated to the agencies but transferred to the rotary fund mentioned earlier. This is a normal governmental procedure which reflects more accurately cost-accounting principles. The assignment and use of vehicles after purchase is another matter to be covered in detail later.

#VEHICLE PURCHASE, ASSIGNMENT, AND USE POLICIES#

Probably the most important of all matters for review are the broad administrative policies governing the purchase, assignment, use, and management of state vehicles. The legislature's role in policy determination in this area for years has been confined almost solely to the amount of funds appropriated annually for the purchase and operation of vehicles. The more meaningful policies have been left to the judgment of the chief administrative officer of the state- the Director of Administration.

#THE RHODE ISLAND PROPERTY TAX#

There was a time some years ago when local taxation by the cities and towns was sufficient to support their own operations and a part of the cost of the state government as well. For many years a state tax on cities and towns was paid by the several municipalities to the state from the proceeds of the general property tax. This tax was discontinued in 1936.   
Since that time the demands of the citizens for new and expanded services have placed financial burdens on the state which could not have been foreseen in earlier years. At the same time there has been an upgrading and expansion of municipal services as well. Thus, there has come into being a situation in which the state must raise all of its own revenues and, in addition, must give assistance to its local governments.   
This financial assistance from the state has become necessary because the local governments themselves found the property tax, or at least at the rates then existing, insufficient for their requirements. Consequently there have developed several forms of grants-in-aid and shared taxes, as well as the unrestricted grant to local governments for general purposes whose adoption accompanied the introduction of a sales tax at the state level.   
Notwithstanding state aid, the local governments are continuing to seek additional revenue of their own by strengthening the property tax. This is being done both by the revaluation of real property and by seeking out forms of personal property hitherto neglected or ignored.   
Taxation of tangible movable property in Rhode Island has been generally of a "hands off" nature due possibly to several reasons: (1) local assessors, in the main, are not well paid and have inadequate office staffs, (2) the numerous categories of this component of personal property make locating extremely difficult, and (3) the inexperience of the majority of assessors in evaluating this type of property. _PROBLEMS OF TAXING PERSONAL PROPERTY._ Among the many problems in the taxing of personal property, and of movable tangible property in particular, two are significant: (1) situs, (2) fair and equitable assessment of value. These problems are not local to Rhode Island, but are recognized as common to all states. _SITUS OF PROPERTY._ Although the laws of the various states, in general, specify the situs of property, i&e&, residence or domicile of the owner, or location of the property, the exceptions regarding boats, airplanes, mobile homes, etc&, seem to add to the uncertainty of the proper origination point for assessment.

Rhode Island law specifies that all real estate is taxable in the town in which it is situated. It also provides for the taxation of all personal property, belonging to inhabitants of the state, both tangible and intangible, and the tangible personal property of non-residents in this state. In defining personal property, it specifically mentions "all ships or vessels, at home or abroad".   
Intangible property is taxable wherever the owner has a place of abode the greater portion of the year. Although a similar situs for tangible property is mentioned in the statute, this is cancelled out by the provision that definite kinds of property "and all other tangible property" situated or being in any town is taxable where the property is situated. This would seem to fix the tax situs of all movable personal property at its location on December 31.   
Both boats and aircraft would fall within this category, as well as motor vehicles. The location of the latter now is determined for tax purposes at the time of registration, and it is now accepted practice to consider a motor vehicle as being situated where it is garaged. Obviously, it would be impossible to determine where every vehicle might be on the 31st day of December. In view of the acceptance accorded the status of motor vehicles for tax purposes, in the absence of any specific provision it would seem entirely consistent to apply the same interpretation to boats or aircraft.   
A recent example of this problem is the flying of six airplanes, on December 31, 1960, from the Newport Airpark in Middletown, to the North Central Airport in Smithfield. This situation resulted in both towns claiming the tax, and probably justifiably. Middletown bases its claim on the general provision of the law that "all rateable property, both tangible and intangible, shall be taxed to the owner thereof in the town in which such owner shall have had his actual place of abode for the larger portion of the twelve (12) months next preceding the first day of April in each year".   
The Smithfield tax assessor, in turn, claims the tax under the provision of law "**h and all other tangible personal property situated or being in any town, in or upon any **h place of storage **h shall be taxed to such person **h in the town where said property is situated". _ASSESSMENT OF VALUE._ This problem of fair and equitable assessment of value is a difficult one to solve in that the determination of fair valuation is dependent on local assessors, who in general are non-professional and part-time personnel taking an individualistic approach to the problem. This accounts for the wide variance in assessment practices of movable tangible property in the various municipalities in Rhode Island.   
This condition will undoubtedly continue until such time as a state uniform system of evaluation is established, or through mutual agreement of the local assessing officials for a method of standard assessment practice to be adopted.   
The Rhode Island Public Expenditure Council in its publication once commented: "  The most realistic way of facing up to this problem would be to have the State take over full responsibility for assessing all taxable property. An adequately staffed and equipped State assessing office could apply uniform methods and standards which would go far toward producing equitable assessments on all properties throughout the State. A single statewide assessing unit would eliminate the differences and complications that are inherent in a system of 39 different and independent assessing units".   
The Institute of Public Administration, in its report to the State Fiscal Study Commission in 1959, recommended "consolidating and centralizing all aspects of property tax administration in a single state agency professionally organized and equipped for the job". The resulting setup, it was declared, "would be similar to that which is in successful operation in a number of metropolitan counties as large or larger than Rhode Island". _PRACTICES IN RHODE ISLAND._ To determine the practice and attitude of municipal governments concerning tangible movable property, a questionnaire was sent to all local government assessors or boards of assessors in Rhode Island.   
The replies from each individual town are not given in detail because the questions asked the personal opinion of the several assessors and are not necessarily the established policy of the town in each case. There are legitimate reasons for differences of opinion among the assessors as a whole and among the public officials in each town. These opinions of the assessors are of significance in indicating what their thinking seems to be at the present time.   
In reply to a question of whether they now tax boats, airplanes and other movable property excluding automobiles, nineteen said that they did and twenty that they did not. The wording of the question was quite general and may have been subject to different interpretations. One assessor checked boats only, another trailers and tractors, one mentioned house trailers, and two others referred to trailers without specifying the type. In two cases, airplanes only were indicated.   
It is difficult to tabulate exactly what was meant in each individual situation, but the conclusion may be drawn that 21 towns do not assess movable personal property, and of the remainder only certain types are valued for tax purposes. Boats were indicated specifically by only one of the five towns known to tax boats. It would seem, then, that movable property and equipment is not taxed as a whole but that certain types are taxed in towns where this is bound to be expedient for that particular kind of personal property.

So few answered the question relating to their efforts to assess movable property that the results are inconclusive. Only four towns indicated that they made any more than a normal effort to list property of this kind.   
Of greater interest is a question as to whether movable property was assessed according to its location or ownership. Fifteen stated that it was according to location, four by residence of the owner, and nineteen did not answer.   
Twenty-seven assessors stated that they were in favor of improved means for assessing movable personal property, and only five were opposed. Seven others expressed no opinion. On this point there was fairly general agreement that assessors would like to do more than they are doing now. It is not clear, however, whether they are thinking of all movable property or only of boats, trailers, aircraft or certain other types of personal property whose assessment would be advantageous to their particular towns.

Another question that was asked of the assessors was whether they favored the assessment of movable property at its location or at the residence of the owner. Eighteen voted for assessment by the town in which it is located and eleven preferred assessment by the town in which the owner resides. Ten others made no reply. Of those who have an opinion, it seems that assessment by location is preferred. There was one vote for location being the place where the property is situated for the greater portion of the twelve months preceding the assessment date.   
To summarize, it may be said that there is no one prevailing practice in Rhode Island with respect to the taxation of movable property, that assessors would like to see an improvement, and of those who have an opinion, that assessment by the town of location is preferred on the basis of their present knowledge. The need for greater knowledge is evident from their replies.

#BOATS AS PERSONAL PROPERTY#

_TAXING OF BOATS._ Interest has been shown for a number of years by local assessors in the possibility of taxing boats. Assessors in Rhode Island are charged not only with placing a valuation upon real and personal property, but they also have the responsibility to raise by a tax "a sum not less than nor more than" a specified amount as ordered by a city council or financial town meeting.

It has been obvious to the assessors, particularly those in shore communities, that boats comprise the largest category of tangible personal property which they have been unable to reach. Through their professional organization, the Rhode Island Tax Officials Association the question of taxing boats long has been debated and discussed. No satisfactory solution has been found, but this is due more to the difficulties inherent in the problem than to a lack of interest or diligence on the part of the assessors.   
It has been estimated that the value of boats in Rhode Island waters is something in excess of fifty million dollars, excluding commercial boats. It is obvious that this is a potential and lucrative source of revenue for the assessors of those towns where a substantial amount of such property would be subject to taxation.   
It is known that at least five towns (Barrington, Bristol, Narragansett, Newport and Westerly) place some value on some boats for tax purposes. However, few are taxed, and the owners and location of most boats are unknown to the assessors on the date of assessment of town valuations.   
No one really knows how many boats there actually are or what their aggregate value may be. Slightly more than 5,000 boats were registered with the Coast Guard prior to the recent passage of the state boating law. Only a few more than 10,000 boats had been registered with the Division of Harbors and Rivers at the end of the 1960 boating season, but many had been taken out of the water early when the threat of a hurricane brought the season to an early close.   
The assessors' association, meeting at Narragansett in September 1960, devoted its session to a discussion of the boat problem.

Local industry's investment in Rhode Island was the big story in 1960's industrial development effort. Fifty-two companies started or committed themselves to new plant construction, totaling 1,418,000 square feet and representing an investment of $11,900,000; a new post-World War /2, record. With minor exceptions, this expansion was instituted either by firms based in Rhode Island or out-of-state manufacturers already operating here.   
What made these new location figures particularly impressive was the fact that although 1960 was a year of mild business recession throughout the nation, Rhode Island scored marked progress in new industry, new plants, and new jobs.

Of the major expansions in 1960, three were financed under the R& I& Industrial Building Authority's 100% guaranteed mortgage plan: Collyer Wire, Leesona Corporation, and American Tube + Controls. Leading firms that arranged their own financing included Speidel Corporation, Cornell-Dubilier, Photek, Inc& Division of Textron, Narragansett Gray Iron Foundry, W& R& Cobb Company, and Mays Manufacturing Company.   
Expansion and relocation of industry in Rhode Island is the direct responsibility of the Development Council's Industrial Division, and the figures quoted above indicate a successful year's operation. Industrial Division personnel worked with 54 out-of-state and 97 Rhode Island concerns during 1960, many of whom are still interested in a Rhode Island location. They are conscious of this state's new feeling of optimism and assurance and are definitely impressed by the number of new plants and construction projects in Rhode Island. _AIDS TO SMALL BUSINESS#

Although much of the Industrial Division's promotional effort is devoted to securing new locations and expansions by major industries, small business is also afforded considerable attention. Our Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce carries on a vigorous program, directly aimed at solving and expediting the problems of manufacturers in the lower employment categories.   
A primary function is the operation of a Government Bid Center, which receives bids daily from the Federal Government's principal purchasing agencies. Assistance is rendered to interested Rhode Island businessmen concerning interpretation of bid invitations, where to obtain specifications, and follow-ups concerning qualification. During the past year, 10,517 government bid invitations were received and 4,427 procurement leads were mailed to Rhode Island manufacturers.   
In addition, the Office's domestic trade program provided consultant services to those seeking information on establishment of new businesses; how and where to apply for financial assistance; details on marketing; information concerning patents, copyrights and trade marks, availability of technical reports, and other subjects of interest to small business.   
The Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce is also active in the field of international trade, assisting Rhode Island firms in developing and enlarging markets abroad. This office cooperates with the U& S& Department of Commerce in giving statewide coverage to services which include: statistics on markets abroad; locating foreign agents, buyers, distributors, etc&; information on foreign and domestic import duties and regulations, licensing, investments, and establishing of branch representatives or plants abroad, and documentary requirements concerning export shipments and arrangements for payment.   
During the year 1960, this office supplied 954 visitors with information related to foreign and domestic commerce, and made 73 field visits. _ADVERTISING PROGRAM_ Our media advertising continued, during 1960, its previous effective program that stressed such specifics as 100% financing, plant availabilities, and location advantages. We also continued to run a series of ads featuring endorsement of Rhode Island by industrialists who had recently established new plants here.   
To reach a still greater audience of location-minded manufacturers, our industrial advertising budget for the fiscal year was increased from $32,000 to $40,000, and the Industrial Building Authority's financial participation was upped from $17,000 to $20,000.   
Newspaper advertising was mainly concentrated in the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal (Eastern and Midwestern editions) which averaged two prominent ads per month, and to a lesser degree the New York Herald Tribune and, for the west coast, the Los Angeles Times and the Wall Street Journal (Pacific Coast edition). In addition to the regular schedule, advertisements were run for maximum impact in special editions of the New York Times, Boston Herald, American Banker, Electronic News and, for local promotion, the Providence Sunday Journal. Magazine advertising included Management Methods, the New Englander, U& S& Investor, and Plant Location.   
The direct mail campaign consisted of 3 intra state mailings of 1680 letters each and 6 out-of-state directed to electronics, plastics, pharmaceutical, and business machine manufacturers, and to publishers. These totaled 6,768 pieces of correspondence.

The 1960 advertising campaign brought a total of 239 inquiries; 164 from media and 75 from direct mail. Two hundred and nineteen were received from 35 of our 50 United States and 11 came from foreign countries. New York led in the number of inquiries, followed by California, New Jersey, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania. Among foreign countries responding were Germany, Canada, Brazil and India. _INDUSTRIAL PROMOTION_ An important operation in soliciting industrial locations involves what we term "Missionary calls" by one of this Division's industrial promotion specialists. These consist of visits, without previous announcement, on top officials of manufacturing concerns located in highly industrialized areas. More than 25 carefully selected cities were visited, including New York, Brooklyn, Long Island City, Newark, Elizabeth, Stamford, Waterbury, New Haven, Bridgeport, Boston, Cambridge, Worcester, and Waltham.   
Out of a total of 603 calls, 452 contacts were established with top executive personnel. We received 76 out-of-state visitors interested in investigating Rhode Island's industrial advantages, and Industrial Division personnel made 55 out-of-state follow-up visits. _INDUSTRIAL CONFERENCES_ During 1960, two important conferences were organized by the Development Council's Industrial Division. In June, the Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce- in conjunction with local trade associations, chambers of commerce, and bank officials- sponsored a World Trade Conference at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel. Its purpose was to find ways of offsetting the United States' declining balance of trade for 1958 and 1959. Approximately 100 representatives of business attended this conclave and the R& I& Export Conference Committee later voted to continue the activity as an annual event.   
On October 8th of last year, the Industrial Division sponsored the Governor's Conference on Industrial Development at the former Henry Barnard School. A comprehensive program devoted to the various phases of the development effort attracted 143 interested individuals.   
Morning sessions included addresses by Ward Miller, Jr& of the U& S& Dept& of Commerce. Richard Preston, executive director of the New Hampshire State Planning and Development Commission, and Edwin C& Kepler of General Electric Company. Workshop sessions in the afternoon featured development executives from Pennsylvania, Connecticut and Maine, and rounded out a rewarding program.   
In connection with this conference, a 64-page supplement was published in the October 2nd edition of the Providence Sunday Journal. Devoted to the improvement in business climate and increase in industrial construction in Rhode Island, it has proved a valuable mailing piece for this Division. More than 2000 copies have been sent out to prospective clients. _MAILINGS AND PUBLICATIONS_ Other special mailings by the Industrial Division included copies of speeches delivered at the Governor's Conference, letters and brochures to conferees at Med-Chemical Symposium at University of Rhode Island and letters and reprints of industrial advertisements to such organizations as Society of Industrial Realtors. 1184 copies of the R& I& Directory of Manufacturers were distributed: 643 in-state and 541 out-of-state.



This Court's judgment was filed in the District Court on July 18, 1957. The first pretrial conference- held to appoint <amici curiae> to represent the interest of the stockholders of du Pont and General Motors and to consider the procedure to be followed in the subsequent hearings- took place on September 25, 1957. At the outset, the Government's spokesman explained that counsel for the Government and for du Pont had already held preliminary discussions with a view to arriving at a relief plan that both sides could recommend to the court. Du Pont, he said, had proposed disenfranchisement of its General Motors stock along with other restrictions on the du Pont-General Motors relationship. The Government, deeming these suggestions inadequate, had urged that any judgment include divestiture of du Pont's shares of General Motors. Counsel for the Government invited du Pont's views on this proposal before recommending a specific program, but stated that if the court desired, or if counsel for du Pont thought further discussion would not be profitable, the Government was prepared to submit a plan within thirty days.   
Counsel for du Pont indicated a preference for the submission of detailed plans by both sides at an early date. No previous antitrust case, he said, had involved interests of such magnitude or presented such complex problems of relief. The submission of detailed plans would place the issues before the court more readily than would discussion of divestiture or disenfranchisement in the abstract. The Court adopted this procedure with an appropriate time schedule for carrying it out.   
The Government submitted its proposed decree on October 25, 1957. The plan called for divestiture by du Pont of its 63,000,000 shares of General Motors stock by equal annual distributions to its stockholders, as a dividend, over a period of ten years. Christiana Securities Company and Delaware Realty + Investment Company, major stockholders in du Pont, and the stockholders of Delaware were dealt with specially by provisions requiring the annual sale by a trustee, again over a ten-year period, of du Pont's General Motors stock allocable to them, as well as any General Motors stock which Christiana and Delaware owned outright. If, in the trustee's judgment, "reasonable market conditions" did not prevail during any given year, he was to be allowed to petition the court for an extension of time within the ten-year period. In addition, the right to vote the General Motors stock held by du Pont was to be vested in du Pont's stockholders, other than Christiana and Delaware and the stockholders of Delaware; du Pont, Christiana, and Delaware were to be enjoined from acquiring stock in or exercising control over General Motors; du Pont, Christiana, and Delaware were to be prohibited to have any director or officer in common with General Motors, and vice versa; and General Motors and du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any du Pont manufactured product, or for the grant of exclusive patent rights, or for a grant by General Motors to du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors, or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies.   
On motion of the <amici curiae,> the court directed that a ruling be obtained from the Commissioner of Internal Revenue as to the federal income tax consequences of the Government's plan. On May 9, 1958, the Commissioner announced his rulings. The annual dividends paid to du Pont stockholders in shares of General Motors stock would be taxable as ordinary income to the extent of du Pont's earnings and profits. The measure, for federal income tax purposes, of the dividend to individual stockholders would be the fair market value of the shares at the time of each annual distribution. In the case of taxpaying corporate stockholders, the measure would be the lesser of the fair market value of the shares or du Pont's tax basis for them, which is approximately $2.09 per share. The forced sale of the General Motors stock owned by or allocable to Christiana, Delaware, and the stockholders of Delaware, and deposited with the trustee, would result in a tax to those parties at the capital gains rate.   
Du Pont's counterproposal was filed on May 14, 1958. Under its plan du Pont would retain its General Motors shares but be required to pass on to its stockholders the right to vote those shares. Christiana and Delaware would, in turn, be required to pass on the voting rights to the General Motors shares allocable to them to their own stockholders. Du Pont would be enjoined from having as a director, officer, or employee anyone who was simultaneously an officer or employee of General Motors, and no director, officer, or employee of du Pont could serve as a director of General Motors without court approval. Du Pont would be denied the right to acquire any additional General Motors stock except through General Motors' distributions of stock or subscription rights to its stockholders.   
On June 6, 1958, General Motors submitted its objections to the Government's proposal. It argued, <inter alia,> that a divestiture order would severely depress the market value of the stock of both General Motors and du Pont, with consequent serious loss and hardship to hundreds of thousands of innocent investors, among them thousands of small trusts and charitable institutions; that there would be a similar decline in the market values of other automotive and chemical stocks, with similar losses to the stockholders of those companies; that the tremendous volume of General Motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of General Motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital; and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity. General Motors comprehensively contended that the Government plan would not be "in the public interest" as required by the mandate of this Court.   
The decrees proposed by the <amici curiae> were filed in August of 1958. These plans, like du Pont's contained provisions for passing the vote on du Pont's General Motors shares on to the ultimate stockholders of du Pont, Christiana, and Delaware, except that officers and directors of the three companies, their spouses, and other people living in their households, as well as other specified persons, were to be totally disenfranchised. Both plans also prohibited common directors, officers, or employees between du Pont, Christiana, and Delaware, on the one hand, and General Motors on the other. It is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude "unnourished by sense" to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk, or that such a possibility should not be permitted to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship. While it is easy enough to ridicule Hawkins' pronouncement in Pleas of the Crown from a metaphysical point of view, the concept of the "oneness" of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage. By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship, the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in <Wyatt> v& <United States>, 362 U&S& 525, where the Court held that, under the circumstances of that case, a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection. One need not waver in his belief in virile law enforcement to insist that there are other things in American life which are also of great importance, and to which even law enforcement must accommodate itself. One of these is the solidarity and the confidential relationship of marriage. The Court's opinion dogmatically asserts that the husband-wife conspiracy doctrine does not in fact protect this relationship, and that hence the doctrine "enthrone[s] an unreality into a rule of law". I am not easily persuaded that a rule accepted by so many people for so many centuries can be so lightly dismissed. But in any event, I submit that the power to depose belongs to Congress, not to this Court. I dissent. Petitioner, who claims to be a conscientious objector, was convicted of violating @ 12 (a) of the Universal Military Training and Service Act by refusing to be inducted into the armed forces. He claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the Fifth Amendment, because (1) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice, he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board, and (2) at the trial, he was denied the right to have the hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim. <Held>: On the record in this case, the administrative procedures prescribed by the Act were fully complied with; petitioner was not denied due process; and his conviction is sustained. Pp& 60-66. _(A)_ Petitioner was not denied due process in the administrative proceedings, because the statement in question was in his file, to which he had access, and he had opportunities to rebut it both before the hearing officer of the Department of Justice and before the appeal board. Pp& 62-63. _(B)_ Petitioner was not entitled to have the hearing officer's notes and report, especially since he failed to show any particular need for them and he did have a copy of the Department of Justice's recommendation to the appeal board. Pp& 63-64. _(C)_ Petitioner was not entitled, either in the administrative hearing at the Department of Justice or at his trial, to inspect the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, since he was furnished a resume of it, did not challenge its accuracy, and showed no particular need for the original report. Pp& 64-66.   
<Haydn C& Covington> argued the cause and filed a brief for petitioner.

<Daniel M& Friedman> argued the cause for the United States. On the brief were <Solicitor General Rankin, Assistant Attorney General Wilkey, Beatrice Rosenberg> and <J& F& Bishop>.

MR& JUSTICE CLARK delivered the opinion of the Court.

This is a prosecution for refusal to be inducted into the armed services, in violation of the provisions of the Universal Military Training and Service Act, 62 Stat& 604, 622, 50 U&S&C& App& @ 462 (a). Petitioner, who claims to be a conscientious objector, contends that he was denied due process, both in the proceedings before a hearing officer of the Department of Justice and at trial. He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board, and, further, that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim- all in violation of the Fifth Amendment. The trial judge decided that the administrative procedures of the Act were fully complied with and refused to require the production of such documents. Petitioner was found guilty and sentenced to 15 months' imprisonment. The Court of Appeals affirmed. 269 F& 2d 613. We granted certiorari in view of the importance of the questions in the administration of the Act. 361 U& S& 899. We have concluded that petitioner's claims are controlled by the rationale of <gonzales> v& <United States>, 348 U&S& 407 (1955), and <United States> v& <Nugent>, 346 U&S& 1 (1953), and therefore affirm the judgment.   
Petitioner registered with Local Board No& 9, Boulder, Colorado, on March 17, 1952. His answers to the classification questionnaire reflected that he was a minister of Jehovah's Witnesses, employed at night by a sugar producer. He claimed /4,-~D classification as a minister of religion, devoting a minimum of 100 hours a month to preaching. On November 13, 1952, he was classified in Class /1,-~A. On November 22, 1952, he wrote the Board, protesting this classification. He again stated that he was "a regular minister"; that he was "devoting an average of 100 hours a month to actual preaching publicly", in addition to 50 to 75 hours in other ministerial duties, and that he opposed war in any form. Thereafter he was classified /1,-~O. On April 1, 1953, after some six months of full-time "pioneering", petitioner discontinued devoting 100 hours a month to preaching, but failed to so notify his local board. In a periodic review, the local board on July 30, 1953, reclassified him /1,-~A and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner, because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home. Upon administrative approval of the reclassification, he was ordered to report for induction on June 11, 1956, but failed to do so. He was not prosecuted, however, and his case was subsequently reopened, in the light of <Sicurella> v& <United States>, 348 U&S& 385 (1955). He was again reclassified /1,-~A by the local board. There followed a customary Department of Justice hearing, at which petitioner appeared. In his report to the Attorney General, the hearing officer suggested that the petitioner be exempt only from combatant training and service. On March 21, 1957, however, the Department recommended approval of the /1,-~A classification. Its ground for this recommendation was that, while petitioner claimed before the local board August 17, 1956 (as evidenced by its memorandum in his file of that date), that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching, the headquarters of the Jehovah's Witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and, on the contrary, had relinquished both his Pioneer and Bible Student Servant positions. It reported that he now devoted only some 6-1/2 hours per month to public preaching and from 20 to 25 hours per month to church activities. His claim was therefore "so highly exaggerated", the Department concluded, that it "cast doubt upon his veracity and, consequently, upon his sincerity and good faith". The appeal board furnished petitioner a copy of the recommendation. In his answer thereto, he advised the Board that he had made no such statement in 1956, and asserted that his only claim to "pioneering" was in 1952. The appeal board, however, unanimously concurred in the Department's recommendation. Upon return of the file to the local board, petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution followed his failure to do so.   
Petitioner first contends that the Department denied him procedural due process by not giving him timely opportunity, before its final recommendation to the appeal board, to answer the statement of the local board as to his claim of devoting 100 hours to actual preaching. But the statement of the local board attributing this claim to petitioner was in his file. He admitted that he knew it was open to him at all times, and he could have rebutted it before the hearing officer. This he failed to do, asserting that he did not know it to be in his file. Apparently he never took the trouble to find out. Nevertheless he had ample opportunity to contest the statement before the appeal board. After the recommendation of the Department is forwarded to the appeal board, that is the appropriate place for a registrant to lodge his denial. This he did. We found in <Gonzales> v& <United States, supra>, that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant. We said there that it was necessary "that a registrant be given an opportunity to rebut [the Department's] recommendation when it comes to the Appeal Board, the agency with the ultimate responsibility for classification". 348 U&S&, at 412. We fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to petitioner's contention, which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it. As was said in <Gonzales>, "it is the Appeal Board which renders the selective service determination considered 'final' in the courts, not to be overturned unless there is no basis in fact. <Estep> v& <United States>, 327 U&S& 114". 348 U& S&, at 412-413.   
But there are other contentions which might be considered more difficult. At his trial, petitioner sought to secure through subpoena <duces tecum> the longhand notes of the Department's hearing officer, Evensen, as well as his report thereon. Petitioner also claimed at trial the right to inspect the original Federal Bureau of Investigation reports to the Department of Justice. He alleged no specific procedural errors or evidence withheld; nor did he elaborate just what favorable evidence the Federal Bureau of Investigation reports might disclose.   
Section 6 (~j) of the Act, as we have held, does require the Department's recommendation to be placed in a registrant's file. <Gonzales> v& <United States, supra>. But there is nothing in the Act requiring the hearing officer's report to be likewise turned over to the registrant. While the regulations formerly required that the hearing officer's report be placed in the registrant's file, this requirement was eliminated in 1952. Moreover, the hearing officer's report is but intradepartmental, is directed to the Attorney General and, of course, is not the recommendation of the Department. It is not essentially different from a memorandum of an attorney in the Department of Justice, of which the Attorney General receives many, and to which he may give his approval or rejection. It is but part of the whole process within the Department that goes into the making of the final recommendation to the appeal board.   
It is also significant that neither this report nor the hearing officer's notes were furnished to the appeal board. Hence the petitioner had full opportunity to traverse the only conclusions of the Department on file with the Board. Petitioner knew that the Department's recommendation was based not on the hearing officer's report but on the statement of the local board in his file. Having had every opportunity to rebut the finding of the local board before both the hearing officer and the appeal board, petitioner cannot now claim that he was denied due process because he did not succeed.

It appears to us that the same reasoning applies to the production of the hearing officer's report and notes at the trial. In addition, petitioner has failed to show any particular need for the report and notes. While there are now allegations of the withholding of "favorable evidence developed at the hearing" and a denial of a "full and fair hearing", no such claim was made by petitioner at any stage of the administrative process. Moreover, his testimony at trial never developed any such facts. In the light of these circumstances, as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department's recommendation, which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record, we find no relevancy in the hearing officer's report and notes.   
Finally petitioner says that he was entitled to inspect the ~FBI report during the proceedings before the hearing officer as well as at the trial. He did receive a resume of it- the same that was furnished the appeal board- and he made no claim of its inaccuracy. Even now no such claim is asserted. He bases his present contention on the general right to explore, indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume. But this is fully answered by <United States> v& <Nugent, supra>. There we held "that the statutory scheme for review, within the selective service system, **h entitles [conscientious objectors] to no guarantee that the ~FBI reports must be produced for their inspection". 346 U&S&, at 5-6. Even if we were not bound by <Nugent>, petitioner here would not be entitled to the report. The recommendation of the Department- as well as the decision of the appeal board- was based entirely on the local board file, not on an ~FBI report.

#FOREIGN POLICY IN ITS TOTAL CONTEXT#

With this enlarged role in mind, I should like to make a few suggestions: What we in the United States do or do not do will make a very large difference in what happens in the rest of the world. We in this Department must think about foreign policy in its total context. We cannot regard foreign policy as something left over after defense policy or trade policy or fiscal policy has been extracted. Foreign policy is the total involvement of the American people with peoples and governments abroad. That means that, if we are to achieve a new standard of leadership, we must think in terms of the total context of our situation. It is the concern of the Department of State that the American people are safe and secure- defense is not a monopoly concern of the Department of Defense. It is also the concern of the Department of State that our trading relationships with the rest of the world are vigorous, profitable, and active- this is not just a passing interest or a matter of concern only to the Department of Commerce. We can no longer rely on interdepartmental machinery "somewhere upstairs" to resolve differences between this and other departments. Assistant Secretaries of State will now carry an increased burden of active formulation and coordination of policies. Means must be found to enable us to keep in touch as regularly and as efficiently as possible with our colleagues in other departments concerned with foreign policy.   
I think we need to concern ourselves also with the timeliness of action. Every policy officer cannot help but be a planning officer. Unless we keep our eyes on the horizon ahead, we shall fail to bring ourselves on target with the present. The movement of events is so fast, the pace so severe, that an attempt to peer into the future is essential if we are to think accurately about the present. If there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the Government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act promptly, that in itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs. Action taken today is often far more valuable than action taken several months later in response to a situation then out of control.   
There will of course be times for delay and inaction. What I am suggesting is that when we delay, or when we fail to act, we do so intentionally and not through inadvertence or through bureaucratic or procedural difficulties.   
I also hope that we can do something about reducing the infant mortality rate of ideas- an affliction of all bureaucracies. We want to stimulate ideas from the bottom to the top of the Department. We want to make sure that our junior colleagues realize that ideas are welcome, that initiative goes right down to the bottom and goes all the way to the top. I hope no one expects that only Presidential appointees are looked upon as sources of ideas. The responsibility for taking the initiative in generating ideas is that of every officer in the Department who has a policy function, regardless of rank.   
Further, I would hope that we could pay attention to little things. While observing the operations of our Government in various parts of the world, I have felt that in many situations where our policies were good we have tended to ignore minor problems which spoiled our main effort. To cite only a few examples: The wrong man in the wrong position, perhaps even in a junior position abroad, can be a source of great harm to our policy; the attitudes of a U&N& delegate who experiences difficulty in finding adequate housing in New York City, or of a foreign diplomat in similar circumstances in our Capital, can be easily be directed against the United States and all that it stands for. Dozens of seemingly small matters go wrong all over the world. Sometimes those who know about them are too far down the line to be able to do anything about them. I would hope that we could create the recognition in the Department and overseas that those who come across little things going wrong have the responsibility for bringing these to the attention of those who can do something about them.   
If the Department of State is to take primary responsibility for foreign policy in Washington, it follows that the ambassador is expected to take charge overseas. This does not mean in a purely bureaucratic sense but in an active, operational, interested, responsible fashion. He is expected to know about what is going on among the representatives of other agencies who are stationed in his country. He is expected to supervise, to encourage, to direct, to assist in any way he can. If any official operation abroad begins to go wrong, we shall look to the ambassador to find out why and to get suggestions for remedial action.

#THE PROBLEMS OF A POLICY OFFICER#

It occurred to me that you might be interested in some thoughts which I expressed privately in recent years, in the hope of clearing up a certain confusion in the public mind about what foreign policy is all about and what it means, and of developing a certain compassion for those who are carrying such responsibilities inside Government. I tried to do so by calling to their attention some of the problems that a senior departmental policy officer faces. This means practically everybody in this room. Whether it will strike home for you or not will be for you to determine.   
The senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of stimuli: an idea in his own head, the suggestions of a colleague, a question from the Secretary or the President, a proposal by another department, a communication from a foreign government or an American ambassador abroad, the filing of an item for the agenda of the United Nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies, a news item read at the breakfast table, a question to the President or the Secretary at a news conference, a speech by a Senator or Congressman, an article in a periodical, a resolution from a national organization, a request for assistance from some private American interests abroad, et cetera, ad infinitum. The policy officer lives with his antennae alerted for the questions which fall within his range of responsibility.

His first thought is about the question itself: Is there a question here for American foreign policy, and, if so, what is it? For he knows that the first and sometimes most difficult job is to know what the question is- that when it is accurately identified it sometimes answers itself, and that the way in which it is posed frequently shapes the answer.   
Chewing it over with his colleagues and in his own mind, he reaches a tentative identification of the question- tentative because it may change as he explores it further and because, if no tolerable answer can be found, it may have to be changed into one which can be answered.   
Meanwhile he has been thinking about the facts surrounding the problem, facts which he knows can never be complete, and the general background, much of which has already been lost to history. He is appreciative of the expert help available to him and draws these resources into play, taking care to examine at least some of the raw material which underlies their frequently policy-oriented conclusions. He knows that he must give the expert his place, but he knows that he must also keep him in it.   
He is already beginning to box the compass of alternative lines of action, including doing nothing. He knows that he is thinking about action in relation to a future which can be perceived but dimly through a merciful fog. But he takes his bearings from the great guidelines of policy, well-established precedents, the commitments of the United States under international charters and treaties, basic statutes, and well-understood notions of the American people about how we are to conduct ourselves, in policy literature such as country papers and National Security Council papers accumulated in the Department.   
He will not be surprised to find that general principles produce conflicting results in the factual situation with which he is confronted. He must think about which of these principles must take precedence. He will know that general policy papers written months before may not fit his problem because of crucial changes in circumstance. He is aware that every moderately important problem merges imperceptibly into every other problem. He must deal with the question of how to manage a part when it cannot be handled without relation to the whole- when the whole is too large to grasp.   
He must think of others who have a stake in the question and in its answer. Who should be consulted among his colleagues in the Department or other departments and agencies of the Government? Which American ambassadors could provide helpful advice? Are private interests sufficiently involved to be consulted? What is the probable attitude of other governments, including those less directly involved? How and at what stage and in what sequence are other governments to be consulted?   If action is indicated, what kind of action is relevant to the problem? The selection of the wrong tools can mean waste, at best, and at worst an unwanted inflammation of the problem itself. Can the President or the Secretary act under existing authority, or will new legislation and new money be required? Should the action be unilateral or multilateral? Is the matter one for the United Nations or some other international body? For, if so, the path leads through a complex process of parliamentary diplomacy which adds still another dimension to the problem.

#RESPECT FOR THE OPINIONS OF MANKIND#

What type of action can hope to win public support, first in this country and then abroad? For the policy officer will know that action can almost never be secret and that in general the effectiveness of policy will be conditioned by the readiness of the country to sustain it. He is interested in public opinion for two reasons: first, because it is important in itself, and, second, because he knows that the American public cares about a decent respect for the opinions of mankind. And, given probable public attitudes- about which reasonably good estimates can be made- what action is called for to insure necessary support?   May I add a caution on this particular point? We do not want policy officers below the level of Presidential appointees to concern themselves too much with problems of domestic politics in recommending foreign policy action. In the first place our business is foreign policy, and it is the business of the Presidential leadership and his appointees in the Department to consider the domestic political aspects of a problem. Mr& Truman emphasized this point by saying, "You fellows in the Department of State don't know much about domestic politics".

This is an important consideration. If we sit here reading editorials and looking at public-opinion polls and other reports that cross our desks, we should realize that this is raw, undigested opinion expressed in the absence of leadership. What the American people will do turns in large degree on their leadership. We cannot test public opinion until the President and the leaders of the country have gone to the public to explain what is required and have asked them for support for the necessary action. I doubt, for example, that, 3 months before the leadership began to talk about what came to be the Marshall plan, any public-opinion expert would have said that the country would have accepted such proposals.   
The problem in the policy officer's mind thus begins to take shape as a galaxy of utterly complicated factors- political, military, economic, financial, legal, legislative, procedural, administrative- to be sorted out and handled within a political system which moves by consent in relation to an external environment which cannot be under control.   
And the policy officer has the hounds of time snapping at his heels.

While there should be no general age limit or restriction to one sex, there will be particular projects requiring special maturity and some open only to men or to women. The Peace Corps should not pay the expenses of a wife or family, unless the wife is also accepted for full-time Peace Corps work on the same project.   
There should be no draft exemption because of Peace Corps service. In most cases service in the Corps will probably be considered a ground for temporary deferment.   
Peace Corps volunteers obviously should not be paid what they might earn in comparable activities in the United States. Nor would it be possible in many cases for them to live in health or any effectiveness on what their counterparts abroad are paid. The guiding principle indeed should not be anything like compensation for individual services.   
Rather the principle should be akin to that of the allowance. Peace Corps volunteers should be given just enough to provide a minimum decent standard of living. They should live in modest circumstances, avoiding all conspicuous consumption. Wherever possible they should live with their host country counterparts. Some special health requirements might have to be met. For example, it probably will be necessary for the Corps to have authority to pay medical expenses of volunteers. Perhaps existing Public Health Service, State Department and Armed Services medical facilities can be utilized.   
For readjustment to the U&S&, volunteers should be given some separation allowance at the end of their overseas service, based on the length of time served.

#7. IN WHAT PART OF THE GOVERNMENT SHOULD THE PEACE CORPS BE ESTABLISHED?#

The idea of a Peace Corps has captured the imagination of a great many people. Support for it cuts across party, regional, ethnic and other lines. The Peace Corps, therefore, offers an opportunity to add a new dimension to our approach to the world- an opportunity for the American people to think anew and start afresh in their participation in world development.   
For this, the Peace Corps should be administered by a small, new, alive agency operating as one component in our whole overseas operation.   
Pending the reorganization of our foreign aid structure and program, the Peace Corps should be established as an agency in the Department of State. When the aid operations are reorganized the Peace Corps should remain a semi-autonomous, functional unit. Meanwhile, the Peace Corps could be physically located in ~ICA's facilities and depend on the State Department and ~ICA for administrative support and, when needed, program assistance.

In this way the Peace Corps can be launched with its own identity and spirit and yet receive the necessary assistance from those now responsible for United States foreign policy and our overseas operations.

#8. HOW AND WHEN SHOULD THE PEACE CORPS BE LAUNCHED?#

The Peace Corps can either begin in very low gear, with only preparatory work undertaken between now and when Congress finally appropriates special funds for it- or it can be launched now and in earnest by executive action, with sufficient funds and made available from existing Mutual Security appropriations to permit a number of substantial projects to start this summer.   
The Peace Corps should be launched soon so that the opportunity to recruit the most qualified people from this year's graduating classes will not be lost. Nor should we lose the opportunity to use this summer for training on university campuses.   
If launched in a careful but determined way within the next few weeks, the Peace Corps could have several hundred persons in training this summer for placement next Fall. Within a year or two several thousand might be in service. It can then grow steadily as it proves itself and as the need for it is demonstrated.

#9. WHAT WOULD THE FIRST PROJECTS BE?#

In the first year there should probably be considerable emphasis on teaching projects. The need here is most clearly felt and our capacity to recruit and train qualified volunteers in a short period of time is greatest.   
There would, however, be a variety of other skills- medical, agricultural, engineering- which would be called for in the first year through the private agency programs and through the provision of technician helpers to existing development projects.   
The first year's projects should also be spread through several countries in Latin America, Africa and Asia.

#10. HOW WILL THE PEACE CORPS BE RECEIVED ABROAD?#

Although the need for outside trained manpower exists in every newly developing nation, the readiness to receive such manpower, or to receive it from the United States will vary from country to country. A certain skepticism about the coming of Americans is to be expected in many quarters. Unfriendly political groups will no doubt do everything in their power to promote active hostility. But there are indications that many developing nations will welcome Peace Corps volunteers, and that if the volunteers are well chosen, they will soon demonstrate their value and make many friends.   
It is important, however, that the Peace Corps be advanced not as an arm of the Cold War but as a contribution to the world community. In presenting it to other governments and to the United Nations, we could propose that every nation consider the formation of its own peace corps and that the United Nations sponsor the idea and form an international coordinating committee. We should hope that peace corps projects will be truly international and that our citizens will find themselves working alongside citizens of the host country and also volunteers from other lands. In any case, our Peace Corps personnel should be offered as technician helpers in development projects of the U&N& and other international agencies.   
The Peace Corps is not a diplomatic or propaganda venture but a genuine experiment in international partnership. Our aim must be to learn as much as we teach. The Peace Corps offers an opportunity to bring home to the United States the problems of the world as well as an opportunity to meet urgent host country needs for trained manpower. If presented in this spirit, the response and the results will be immeasurably better.

#11. HOW WILL IT BE FINANCED?#

The already appropriated funds within the discretion of the President and Secretary of State under the Mutual Security Act are the only immediately available source of financing this summer's pilot programs of the Peace Corps. If it is decided to make a small shift which may be required from military aid or special assistance funds, in order to carry out the purposes of the Mutual Security Act through this new peaceful program, this will be a hopeful sign to the world. Congress should then be asked to give the Peace Corps a firm legislative foundation for the next fiscal year.   
Specifically, Congress should consider authorizing the Peace Corps to receive contributions from American businesses, unions, civic organizations and the public at large. For this must be the project of the whole American people. An Advisory Council of outstanding public figures with experience in world affairs should be formed to give the program continuing guidance and to afford a focal point for public understanding.

Steps should also be taken to link the Food for Peace Program with the Peace Corps, so that foreign currencies accumulated by the sale of U&S& surplus food under P&L& 480 can be put to use to pay some of the host country expenses of Peace Corps personnel.   
The extent to which participating bodies such as U& S& voluntary agencies, universities, international organizations, and the host country or institutions in the host country can and should share the cost of the Peace Corps programs must be fully explored.

#12. IS IT WORTH THE COST AND THE RISKS?#

No matter how well conceived and efficiently run, there probably will be failures. These could be costly and have a serious effect both at home and abroad.

But as the popular response suggests, the potentiality of the Peace Corps is very great. It can contribute to the development of critical countries and regions. It can promote international cooperation and good will toward this country. It can also contribute to the education of America and to more intelligent American participation in the world.   
With thousands of young Americans going to work in developing areas, millions of Americans will become more directly involved in the world than ever before.   
With colleges and universities carrying a large part of the program, and with students looking toward Peace Corps service, there will be an impact on educational curriculum and student seriousness. The letters home, the talks later given by returning members of the Peace Corps, the influence on the lives of those who spend two or three years in hard work abroad- all this may combine to provide a substantial popular base for responsible American policies toward the world. And this is meeting the world's need, too, since what the world most needs from this country is better understanding of the world.   
The Peace Corps thus can add a new dimension to America's world policy- one for which people here and abroad have long been waiting. As you said in your State of the Union message. "The problems **h are towering and unprecedented- and the response must be towering and unprecedented as well".

#TO THE CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES:#

I recommend to the Congress the establishment of a permanent Peace Corps- <a pool of trained American men and women sent overseas by the U&S& Government or through private organizations and institutions to help foreign countries meet their urgent needs for skilled manpower>.   
I have today signed an Executive Order establishing a Peace Corps on a temporary pilot basis.   
The temporary Peace Corps will be a source of information and experience to aid us in formulating more effective plans for a permanent organization. In addition, by starting the Peace Corps now we will be able to begin training young men and women for overseas duty this summer with the objective of placing them in overseas positions by late fall. This temporary Peace Corps is being established under existing authority in the Mutual Security Act and will be located in the Department of State. Its initial expenses will be paid from appropriations currently available for our foreign aid program.   
Throughout the world the people of the newly developing nations are struggling for economic and social progress which reflects their deepest desires. Our own freedom, and the future of freedom around the world, depend, in a very real sense, on their ability to build growing and independent nations where men can live in dignity, liberated from the bonds of hunger, ignorance and poverty.

One of the greatest obstacles to the achievement of this goal is the lack of trained men and women with the skill to teach the young and assist in the operation of development projects- men and women with the capacity to cope with the demands of swiftly evolving economics, and with the dedication to put that capacity to work in the villages, the mountains, the towns and the factories of dozens of struggling nations.

The vast task of economic development urgently requires skilled people to do the work of the society- to help teach in the schools, construct development projects, demonstrate modern methods of sanitation in the villages, and perform a hundred other tasks calling for training and advanced knowledge.   
To meet this urgent need for skilled manpower we are proposing the establishment of a Peace Corps- an organization which will recruit and train American volunteers, sending them abroad to work with the people of other nations.

This organization will differ from existing assistance programs in that its members will supplement technical advisers by offering the specific skills needed by developing nations if they are to put technical advice to work. They will help provide the skilled manpower necessary to carry out the development projects planned by the host governments, acting at a working level and serving at great personal sacrifice. There is little doubt that the number of those who wish to serve will be far greater than our capacity to absorb them. _WILDLIFE HABITAT RESOURCES_ In 1960 one-quarter of the 92.5 million recreation visits to the National Forests and Grasslands were for the primary purpose of hunting and fishing. Hunter and fisherman visits since 1949 have increased 8 times faster than the nationwide sale of hunting and fishing licenses. This use is expected to increase to about 50 million visits by 1972. The long-range objective of habitat management is to make it fully productive so as to support fish and game populations to contribute to the need for public use and enjoyment.

The wildlife habitat management proposals for the 10-year period are: _1._ Revise and complete wildlife habitat management and improvement plans for all administrative units, assuring proper coordination between wildlife habitat management and other resources. _2._ Inventory and evaluate wildlife habitat resources in cooperation with other Federal agencies and with the States in which National Forests and Grasslands are located, as a basis for orderly development of wildlife habitat improvement and coordination programs, including (a) big-game, gamebird, and small-game habitat surveys and investigations on the 186 million acres of National Forests and Grasslands, (b) fishery habitat surveys and investigations on the 81,000 miles of National Forest fishing streams and nearly 3 million acres of lakes and impoundments, and (c) participation in planning, inspection, and control phases of all habitat improvement, land- and water-use projects conducted on National Forest lands by States, other Federal agencies, and private groups to assure that projects will benefit wildlife and be in harmony with other resource values. _3._ Improve food and cover on 1.5 million acres of key wildlife areas. _4._ Develop wildlife openings, food patches, and game ways in dense vegetation by clearing or controlled burning on 400,000 acres. _5._ Improve 7,000 miles of fishing streams and 56,000 acres of lakes by stabilizing banks, planting streamside cover, and constructing channel improvements.

#PROTECTION#

The total adverse impact of disease, insects, fire, weather, destructive animals, and other forces on the uses and values of forest resources is not generally recognized. They kill and destroy, retard or prevent reproduction and growth, impair and damage values, and disrupt uses.   
The loss in growth of sawtimber because of damage by destructive agencies in the United States in 1952 was estimated to be about 44 billion board feet. If it were not for the effect of destructive agencies, sawtimber growth would have been nearly twice as great as the 47 billion board feet in 1952. About 45 percent of the loss in growth was attributable to disease, 20 percent to insects, 17 percent to fire, and 18 percent to weather, animals, and various other causes.   
These destructive forces also have a seriously adverse effect upon the watersheds and their life-supporting waterflows, and upon the other renewable forest resources.   
The long-range objective is to hold the damage from destructive agencies below the level which would seriously interfere with intensive management of the National Forest System under principles of multiple use and high-level sustained yield of products and services. This can be accomplished substantially by a continued trend toward better facilities and techniques for fire control and more resources to cope with critical fire periods, and a more intensive application of a program of prevention, detection, and control of insect and disease infestations. In addition to direct protection measures, more intensive management of timber resources will assist in reduction of losses from insects and disease. _PROTECTION FROM INSECTS AND DISEASE_ In the 10-year period, it is proposed that insect and disease control on the National Forest System be stepped up to a level of prevention, detection, and control of insect and disease infestations that will substantially reduce the occurrence of large infestations toward the end of the initial period. This will require about a 40 percent increase over the present level of protection. The work will consist of: _1._ Intensification of present activities through (a) quicker, more extensive, and more thorough surveys to detect incipient outbreaks; (b) more reliable evaluation of the potential of initial outbreaks to cause widespread damage; (c) quicker and more effective control action in the initial stages to prevent a large-scale epidemic. The initial suppression activities would cover about twice the acreage currently being treated. _2._ Continuation of present blister rust control work plus extension of control to 250,000 acres not now protected but which should be managed for white pine production. The objective is to achieve sufficient effectiveness of control on all of the area now under treatment plus the additional acres so that after the initial period only maintenance control will be needed. _3._ Initiating a program to control dwarfmistletoe on several hundred thousand acres of selected better stands of young softwood sawtimber on better growing sites. _4._ Coordination of pest control objectives with timber management activities to reduce losses. _PROTECTION FROM FIRE_ It is proposed that in 10 years all commercial timberlands, all critical watersheds, and other lands in the National Forest System developed or proposed for intensive use will be given protection from fire adequate to meet the fire situation in the worst years and under serious peak loads. This will include 125 million acres compared with 23 million acres now receiving such protection. An additional 15 million acres will be given a lesser degree of protection but adequate to meet the average fire situation.

Meeting these levels of protection from fire calls for: _1._ Expansion, modernization, and development of fire control to a proficiency and strength of force which will prevent as many fires as possible and suppress fires before they spread beyond permitted standards. This is to be accomplished by nearly doubling the present level of preventive effort, detection, skilled fire-fighting crews, and equipment use. This will include a stepped-up program of training and development of personnel. _2._ Adoption and use of new and modern techniques being developed for prevention, for suppression of fires while small, and for stopping large fires while running and burning intensely. _3._ Reduction of hazardous fuel conditions to minimize the chances of large fires developing and spreading to high-value areas. This work will cover the most serious one-fourth of all land needing such treatment, and will consist of burning 250,000 acres of highly hazardous debris concentration, felling snags on 350,000 acres of high lightning-occurrence areas, prescribed burning on 3.5 million acres, removing roadside fuel on 39,000 acres, and clearing and maintaining 11,000 miles of firebreaks. _PROTECTION FROM OTHER DAMAGE_ Rodent control work for the 10-year period will be aimed at control of the most serious infestations of harmful rodents, such as porcupines and mice, on high-value areas of forage and commercial timberlands. These areas comprise about half of the total area of rodent infestation on the National Forests. Approximately 1.8 million acres of rangelands and 9.4 million acres of timberlands would be treated in this period. Control would be limited to those rodents for which economical means of control are known.

#ROADS AND TRAILS#

The transportation system which serves the National Forests is a complex of highways and access roads and trails under various ownerships and jurisdictions. This system is divided into a forest highway system, administered by the Secretary of Commerce, and a forest development road and trail system, administered by the Secretary of Agriculture. Both of these systems are essential for the production, development, and use of the National Forests.   
In the forest highway system, there are now 24,400 miles of public roads. These are mostly through highways that carry traffic going from one destination to another. Because administration of the forest highway system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Commerce with maintenance provided by the States and counties, this Development Program for the National Forests does not include estimates of the funds needed to maintain the forest highway system nor to construct the additions to its that are needed. It is estimated that about 70,000 miles of forest highways will eventually be needed to fully serve the National Forests.   
In the forest development road and trail system, there are now 162,400 miles of roads and 106,500 miles of supplemental foot and horse trails. These roads are largely of less than highway standards, and usually carry traffic which is related to use of the National Forests. Construction and maintenance of this system is a responsibility of the Secretary of Agriculture. It is estimated that about 542,250 miles of forest development roads, and 80,000 miles of trails, constitute the system that will eventually be needed to obtain the maximum practicable yield and use of the wood, water, forage, and wildlife and recreation resources of the National Forests on a continuing basis.   
The ultimate trail system will be of value primarily for recreation and wildlife utilization and fire protection. It will be carefully planned to maintain optimum service to these important resources and watersheds.   
The presence or lack of access by road or trail has a direct and controlling influence on all phases of forest management and utilization such as: _(A)_ the protection of forage, timber, and wildlife resources from fire, insects, and disease; _(B)_ the balanced use of recreation, hunting, and fishing areas; _(C)_ the volume of timber that can be marketed, especially for small sales and the support of dependent communities and small business enterprises; _(D)_ the level of salvage cutting in dead and dying timber stands and the opportunity to promptly salvage losses resulting from fire, windstorm, insects, and disease; _(E)_ the protection of watershed lands from erosion and overgrazing by animals.   
The existence of road systems permits an intensity of management and use for all National Forest purposes that is not otherwise possible. Furthermore, roads that give access to National Forest timber are investments which pay their own way over a period of years. Use of these roads by the public results in substantial benefits to the localities the roads serve.   
The long-range objective of this Department is to provide and maintain a system of forest development roads and trails which will adequately service the National Forest System at the levels needed to meet expected needs and optimum production of products and services. For the year 2000 this means servicing (a) the protection requirements of a watershed producing at least 200 million acre-feet of water each year, (b) recreation and wildlife resources used each year by 635 million visitors, (c) a timber resource supporting an annual cut of 21 billion board feet, and (d) 60 million acres of rangelands.   
Service at these levels of production and utilization will eventually require the construction of about 379,900 miles of new roads and 6,000 miles of new trails, along with the reconstruction to higher standards of about 105,000 miles of roads and 10,500 miles of trails. About 26,500 miles of existing trails will be replaced in service by the construction of new roads. About 80 percent of these long-range requirements should be met by the year 2000.   
Program proposals for forest development roads and trails for the 10-year period 1963-1972 are as follows: _1._ Complete the construction and reconstruction of about 79,400 miles of multiple-purpose roads and 8,000 miles of trails. This constitutes about 17 percent of the long-range requirements for these facilities.

Approximately 40 percent of the value of the work on roads for access to timber which are planned for this period will be constructed by purchasers of National Forest timber, but paid for by the Government through adjustment of stumpage prices. _2._ Provide maintenance to full standards on the 268,900 miles of existing access roads and trails and on the new roads and trails constructed during the period.

#LAND ADJUSTMENT, LAND PURCHASE, LAND USE#

Within the units in the National Forest System the pattern of land ownership is quite irregular. In some units, National Forest ownership is well blocked together. In many others, the previous patenting of land under the public land laws, or the way in which land was available for purchase, resulted in a scattered pattern of ownership.   
Within exterior boundaries of National Forests and National Grasslands, there are about 40,000,000 acres in non-Federal ownership. One consequence is the occurrence of occasional conflicts because private owners of some inholdings object to public programs of use on neighboring National Forest or other Federal land, or because such ownerships are developed for uses that are not compatible with use for the public of neighboring National Forest land. Some privately held inholdings are a source of direct damage to these Federal lands. And some, which are suitable for tree growing and for other National Forest purposes, are unmanaged or in need of expensive rehabilitation, and are contributing nothing to the economy; there are no reasonable prospects that these conditions will be corrected or changed. Lands in this last category are situated largely in the mountainous portions of the Eastern States.   
The long-range objective is to bring about consolidation of ownership through use of land exchange authority and through purchase on a moderate scale of inholdings which comprise key tracts for recognized National Forest programs such as recreation development, or which are a source of damage to lands in National Forests and National Grasslands.

Strategy and tactics of the U&S& military forces are now undergoing one of the greatest transitions in history. The change of emphasis from conventional-type to missile-type warfare must be made with care, mindful that the one type of warfare cannot be safely neglected in favor of the other. Our military forces must be capable of contending successfully with any contingency which may be forced upon us, from limited emergencies to all-out nuclear general war.

#FORCES AND MILITARY PERSONNEL STRENGTH.#- This budget will provide in the fiscal year 1961 for the continued support of our forces at approximately the present level- a year-end strength of 2,489,000 men and women in the active forces. The forces to be supported include an Army of 14 divisions and 870,000 men; a Navy of 817 active ships and 619,000 men; a Marine Corps of 3 divisions and 3 air wings with 175,000 men; and an Air Force of 91 combat wings and 825,000 men.

If the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war, their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces. Quality and combat readiness must take precedence over mere numbers. Under modern conditions, this is especially true of the ready reserve. I have requested the Secretary of Defense to reexamine the roles and missions of the reserve components in relation to those of the active forces and in the light of the changing requirements of modern warfare.   
Last year the Congress discontinued its previously imposed minimum personnel strength limitations on the Army Reserve. Similar restrictions on the strength of the Army National Guard contained in the 1960 Department of Defense Appropriation Act should likewise be dropped. I strongly recommend to the Congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity.   
I again proposed a reduction in the Army National Guard and Army Reserve- from their present strengths of 400,000 and 300,000, respectively, to 360,000 and 270,000 by the end of the fiscal year 1961. These strengths are considered adequate to meet the essential roles and missions of the reserves in support of our national security objectives.

#MILITARY PERSONNEL COSTS.#- About 30% of the expenditures for the Department of Defense in 1961 are for military personnel costs, including pay for active, reserve, and retired military personnel. These expenditures are estimated to be $12.1 billion, an increase of $187 million over 1960, reflecting additional longevity pay of career personnel, more dependents, an increased number of men drawing proficiency pay, and social security tax increases (effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960). Retired pay costs are increased by $94 million in 1961 over 1960, partly because of a substantial increase in the number of retired personnel. These increased costs are partially offset by a decrease of $56 million in expenditures for the reserve forces, largely because of the planned reduction in strength of the Army Reserve components during 1961.   
Traditionally, rates of pay for retired military personnel have been proportionate to current rates of pay for active personnel. The 1958 military pay act departed from this established formula by providing for a 6% increase rather than a proportionate increase for everyone retired prior to its effective date of June 1, 1958. I endorse pending legislation that will restore the traditional relationship between retired and active duty pay rates.

#OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE.#- Expenditures for operating and maintaining the stations and equipment of the Armed Forces are estimated to be $10.3 billion in 1961, which is $184 million more than in 1960. The increase stems largely from the growing complexity of and higher degree of maintenance required for newer weapons and equipment.   
A substantial increase is estimated in the cost of operating additional communications systems in the air defense program, as well as in all programs where speed and security of communications are essential. Also, the program for fleet modernization will be stepped up in 1961 causing an increase in expenditures. Further increases arise from the civilian employee health program enacted by the Congress last year.   
Other factors increasing operating costs include the higher unit cost of each flying hour, up 11% in two years, and of each steaming hour, up 15%. In total, these increases in operating costs outweigh the savings that result from declining programs and from economy measures, such as reduced numbers of units and installations, smaller inventories of major equipment, and improvements in the supply and distribution systems of the Armed Forces.

In the budget message for 1959, and again for 1960, I recommended immediate repeal of section 601 of the Act of September 28, 1951 (65 Stat& 365). This section prevents the military departments and the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization from carrying out certain transactions involving real property unless they come into agreement with the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives. As I have stated previously, the Attorney General has advised me that this section violates fundamental constitutional principles. Accordingly, if it is not repealed by the Congress at its present session, I shall have no alternative thereafter but to direct the Secretary of Defense to disregard the section unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise.   
Basic long-line communications in Alaska are now provided through Federal facilities operated by the Army, Air Force, and Federal Aviation Agency. The growing communications needs of this new State can best be met, as they have in other States, through the operation and development of such facilities by private enterprise. Legislation has already been proposed to authorize the sale of these Government-owned systems in Alaska, and its early enactment is desirable.

#PROCUREMENT, RESEARCH, AND CONSTRUCTION.#- Approximately 45% of the expenditures for the Department of Defense are for procurement, research, development, and construction programs. In 1961, these expenditures are estimated at $18.9 billion, compared to $19.3 billion in 1960. The decreases, which are largely in construction and in aircraft procurement, are offset in part by increases for research and development and for procurement of other military equipment such as tanks, vehicles, guns, and electronic devices. Expenditures for shipbuilding are estimated at about the same level as in 1960.   
New obligational authority for 1961 recommended in this budget for aircraft procurement (excluding amounts for related research and construction) totals $4,753 million, which is $1,390 million below that enacted for 1960. On the other hand, the new authority of $3,825 million proposed for missile procurement (excluding research and construction) in 1961 is $581 million higher than for 1960. These contrasting trends in procurement reflect the anticipated changes in the composition and missions of our Armed Forces in the years ahead.   
The Department of Defense appropriation acts for the past several years have contained a rider which limits competitive bidding by firms in other countries on certain military supply items. As I have repeatedly stated, this provision is much more restrictive than the general law, popularly known as the Buy American Act. I urge once again that the Congress not reenact this rider.   
The task of providing a reasonable level of military strength, without endangering other vital aspects of our security, is greatly complicated by the swift pace of scientific progress. The last few years have witnessed what have been perhaps the most rapid advances in military technology in history. Some weapons systems have become obsolescent while still in production, and some while still under development.   
Furthermore, unexpectedly rapid progress or a technological break-through on any one weapon system, in itself, often diminishes the relative importance of other competitive systems. This has necessitated a continuous review and reevaluation of the defense program in order to redirect resources to the newer and more important weapons systems and to eliminate or reduce effort on weapons systems which have been overtaken by events. Thus, in the last few years, a number of programs which looked very promising at the time their development was commenced have since been completely eliminated. For example, the importance of the Regulus /2,, a very promising aerodynamic ship-to-surface missile designed to be launched by surfaced submarines, was greatly diminished by the successful acceleration of the much more advanced Polaris ballistic missile launched by submerged submarines.

Another example is the recent cancellation of the ~F-108, a long-range interceptor with a speed three times as great as the speed of sound, which was designed for use against manned bombers in the period of the mid-1960's. The substantial progress being made in ballistic missile technology is rapidly shifting the main threat from manned bombers to missiles. Considering the high cost of the ~F-108 system- over $4 billion for the force that had been planned- and the time period in which it would become operational, it was decided to stop further work on the project. Meanwhile, other air defense forces are being made effective, as described later in this message.

The size and scope of other important programs have been reduced from earlier plans. Notable in this category are the Jupiter and Thor intermediate range ballistic missiles, which have been successfully developed, produced, and deployed, but the relative importance of which has diminished with the increasing availability of the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile.   
The impact of technological factors is also illustrated by the history of the high-energy fuel program. This project was started at a time when there was a critical need for a high-energy fuel to provide an extra margin of range for high performance aircraft, particularly our heavy bombers. Continuing technical problems involved in the use of this fuel, coupled with significant improvements in aircraft range through other means, have now raised serious questions about the value of the high-energy fuel program. As a result, the scope of this project has been sharply curtailed. These examples underscore the importance of even more searching evaluations of new major development programs and even more penetrating and far-ranging analyses of the potentialities of future technology. The cost of developing a major weapon system is now so enormous that the greatest care must be exercised in selecting new systems for development, in determining the most satisfactory rate of development, and in deciding the proper time at which either to place a system into production or to abandon it.

#STRATEGIC FORCES.#- The deterrent power of our Armed Forces comes from both their nuclear retaliatory capability and their capability to conduct other essential operations in any form of war. The first capability is represented by a combination of manned bombers, carrier-based aircraft, and intercontinental and intermediate range missiles. The second capability is represented by our deployed ground, naval, and air forces in essential forward areas, together with ready reserves capable of effecting early emergency reinforcement.

The Strategic Air Command is the principal element of our long-range nuclear capability. One of the important and difficult decisions which had to be made in this budget concerned the role of the ~B-70, a long-range supersonic bomber. This aircraft, which was planned for initial operational use about 1965, would be complementary to but likewise competitive with the four strategic ballistic missile systems, all of which are scheduled to become available earlier. The first Atlas ~ICBM's are now operational, the first two Polaris submarines are expected to be operational this calendar year, and the first Titan ~ICBM's next year. The Minuteman solid-fueled ~ICBM is planned to be operational about mid-1963. By 1965, several or all of these systems will have been fully tested and their reliability established.   
Thus, the need for the ~B-70 as a strategic weapon system is doubtful. However, I am recommending that development work on the ~B-70 air-frame and engines be continued. It is expected that in 1963 two prototype aircraft will be available for flight testing. By that time we should be in a much better position to determine the value of that aircraft as a weapon system.

I am recommending additional acquisitions of the improved version of the ~B-52 (the ~B-52~H with the new turbofan engine) and procurement of the ~B-58 supersonic medium bomber, together with the supporting refueling tankers in each case. These additional modern bombers will replace some of the older ~B-47 medium bombers; one ~B-52 can do the work of several ~B-47's which it will replace. Funds are also included in this budget to continue the equipping of the ~B-52 wings with the Hound Dog air-to-surface missile.

In the coming fiscal year additional quantities of Atlas, Titan, and Polaris missiles also will be procured. Purchase authorizations will include provisions relating to the sale and delivery of commodities, including the classes, types and/or varieties of food grain, the time and circumstances of deposit of the rupees accruing from such sale, and other relevant matters. _3._ The United States recognizes the desire of India to accumulate, as quickly as possible, a substantial part of the one million ton reserve stock of rice provided for in this Agreement to assist in stabilizing the internal markets for this commodity in India. Under this Agreement the first annual review of rice availabilities will be made in August 1960. At that time consideration will be given to whether in the light of the United States supplies of rice available for Title /1, disposal, India's production, consumption and stocks of food grains, other imports from the United States and countries friendly to the United States, India's storage capacity, and other related factors, any increase would be possible in the portion of the total rice programmed which is currently planned for procurement during the first year. _4._ The two Governments agree that the issuance of purchase authorizations for wheat and rice providing for purchase after June 30, 1961, shall be dependent upon the determination by the United States Government that these commodities are in surplus supply and available under Title /1, of the Act at that time. The United States Government shall have the right to terminate the financing of further sales under this Agreement of any commodity if it determines at any time after June 30, 1961, that such action is necessitated by the existence of an international emergency.

#ARTICLE /2, USES OF RUPEES#

_1._ The two Governments agree that the rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement will be used by the Government of the United States of America, in such manner and order of priority as the Government of the United States of America shall determine, for the following purposes in the amounts shown: _(A)_ For United States expenditures under subsections (~a), (~b), (~d), (~e), (~f), (~h) through (~r) of Section 104 of the Act or under any of such subsections, the rupee equivalent of $200 million. _(B)_ For grant to the Government of India under subsection (~e) of Section 104 of the Act, the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may from time to time be mutually agreed. _(C)_ For loan to the Government of India under subsection (~g) of Section 104 of the Act, the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may be mutually agreed. The terms and conditions of the loan and other provisions will be set forth in a separate agreement by the two Governments.

In the event that agreement is not reached on the use of the rupees for grant or loan purposes within six years from the date of this Agreement, the Government of the United States of America may use the local currency for any purposes authorized by Section 104 of the Act. _2._ In the event the total of rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement is different from the rupee equivalent of $1,276 million, the amounts available for the purposes specified in paragraph 1, Article /2, will be adjusted proportionately.

#ARTICLE /3, DEPOSIT OF RUPEES#

The deposit of rupees to the account of the Government of the United States of America in payment for the commodities and for ocean transportation costs financed by the Government of the United States of America (except excess costs resulting from the requirement that United States flag vessels be used) shall be made at the rate of exchange for United States dollars generally applicable to import transactions (excluding imports granted a preferential rate) in effect on the dates of dollar disbursement by United States banks, or by the Government of the United States of America, as provided in the purchase authorizations.

#ARTICLE /4, GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS#

_1._ The Government of India agrees that it will take all possible measures to prevent the resale or transshipment to other countries or the use for other than domestic purposes (except where such resale, transshipment or use is specifically approved by the Government of the United States of America), of the surplus agricultural commodities purchased pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, and to assure that the purchase of such commodities does not result in increased availability of these or like commodities for export from India. _2._ The two Governments agree that they will take reasonable precautions to assure that all sales or purchases of surplus agricultural commodities, pursuant to the Agreement will not displace usual marketings of the United States of America in these commodities, or unduly disrupt world prices of agricultural commodities or normal patterns of commercial trade with friendly countries. _3._ In carrying out this Agreement, the two Governments will seek to assure, to the extent practicable, conditions of commerce permitting private traders to function effectively and will use their best endeavors to develop and extend continuous market demand for agricultural commodities. _4._ The Government of India agrees to furnish, upon request of the United States of America, information on the progress of the program, particularly with respect to the arrival and condition of commodities and the provisions for the maintenance of usual marketings, and information relating to exports of the same or like commodities.

#ARTICLE /5, CONSULTATION#

The two Governments will, upon the request of either of them, consult regarding any matter relating to the application of this Agreement or to the operation of arrangements carried out pursuant to this Agreement.

#ARTICLE /6, ENTRY INTO FORCE#

The agreement shall enter into force upon signature.   
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the respective representatives, duly authorized for the purpose, have signed the present Agreement.

DONE at Washington in duplicate this fourth day of May 1960.   
FOR THE GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

DWIGHT D& EISENHOWER   FOR THE GOVERNMENT OF INDIA:   S& K& PATIL EXCELLENCY:   I have the honor to refer to the Agricultural Commodities Agreement signed today between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of India (hereinafter referred to as the Agreement) and, with regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article /2, of the Agreement, to state that the understanding of the Government of the United States of America is as follows: _1._ With respect to Article /2,, Paragraph 1 (~a) of the Agreement: _(/1,)_ The Government of India will provide facilities for the conversions of the rupee equivalent of $4 million (up to a maximum of $1 million per year) accruing under the subject agreement for agricultural market development purposes into currencies other than United States dollars on request of the Government of the United States of America. This facility is needed for the purpose of securing funds to finance agricultural market development activities of the Government of the United States in other countries.   
The Government of the United States of America may utilize rupees in India to pay for goods and services, including international transportation needed in connection with market development and other agricultural projects and activities in India and other countries. _(/2,)_ The rupee equivalent of $63.8 million, but not more than 5 percent of the currencies received under the Agreement will be used for loans to be made by the Export-Import Bank of Washington under Section 104 (~e) of the Agricultural Trade Development and Assistance Act, as amended (hereinafter referred to as the Act), and for administrative expenses of the Export-Import Bank of Washington in India incident thereto. It is understood that: _(A)_ Such loans under Section 104 (~e) of the Act will be made to United States business firms and branches, subsidiaries, or affiliates of such firms in India for business development and trade expansion in India and to United States firms and to Indian firms for the establishment of facilities for aiding in the utilization, distribution, or otherwise increasing the consumption of and markets for United States agricultural products. In the event the rupees set aside for loans under Section 104 (~e) of the Act are not advanced within six years from the date of this Agreement because the Export-Import Bank of Washington has not approved loans or because proposed loans have not been mutually agreeable to the Export-Import Bank of Washington and the Department of Economic Affairs of the Government of India, the Government of the United States of America may use the rupees for any purpose authorized by Section 104 of the Act. _(B)_ Loans will be mutually agreeable to the Export-Import Bank of Washington and the Government of India acting through the Department of Economic Affairs of the Ministry of Finance. The Secretary, Department of Economic Affairs, or his designate, will act for the Government of India, and the President of the Export-Import Bank of Washington, or his designate, will act for the Export-Import Bank of Washington. _(C)_ Upon receipt of an application which the Export-Import Bank is prepared to consider, the Export-Import Bank will inform the Department of Economic Affairs of the identity of the applicant, the nature of the proposed business, the amount of the proposed loan, and the general purposes for which the loan proceeds would be expended. _(D)_ When the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application, it will so notify the Department of Economic Affairs and will indicate the interest rate and the repayment period which would be used under the proposed loan. The interest rate will be similar to those prevailing in India on comparable loans and the maturities will be consistent with the purposes of the financing. _(E)_ Within sixty days after the receipt of notice that the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application the Department of Economic Affairs will indicate to the Export-Import Bank whether or not the Department of Economic Affairs has any objection to the proposed loan. Unless within the sixty-day period the Export-Import Bank has received such a communication from the Department of Economic Affairs it shall be understood that the Department of Economic Affairs has no objection to the proposed loan. When the Export-Import Bank approves or declines the proposed loan, it will notify the Department of Economic Affairs. _2._ With respect to Article /2,, paragraphs 1 (~b) and 1 (~c): Uses of Section 104 (~e) and Section 104(~g) rupees: The Government of India will use the amount of rupees granted or loaned to it by the United States pursuant to paragraphs 1(~b) and 1(~c) for projects to promote economic development with emphasis upon the agricultural sector including food reserve storage structures and facilities as may from time to time be agreed upon by the authorized representatives of the United States and the authorized representatives of the Government of India, in the following sectors: _A._ Agriculture. _B._ Industry, including the production of fertilizer, irrigation and power, transport and communications, and credit institutions. _C._ Public health, education, and rehabilitation. _D._ Other economic development projects consistent with the purposes of Sections 104 (~e) and 104 (~g) of the Act. The Government of India further agrees in cooperation with the Government of the United States, to coordinate the use of grant and loan funds provided for in paragraphs 1 (~b) and 1 (~c) of Article /2, with such direct dollar assistance as may be made available by the Government of the United States of America, so that both sources of financing may be channeled to specific and clearly identifiable economic development programs and projects. _3._ It is agreed that any goods delivered or services rendered after the date of this agreement for projects within categories ~A, ~B, and ~C under paragraph 2 above which may later be approved by the United States will be eligible for financing from currency granted or loaned to the Government of India. _4._ With regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article /2, of the Agreement, the understanding of the Government of the United States of America, with respect to both paragraphs 1 (~b) and 1 (~c) of Article /2, is as follows: _(/1,)_ Local currency will be advanced or reimbursed to the Government of India for financing agreed projects under paragraphs 1 (~b) and 1 (~c) of Article /2, of the Agreement upon the presentation of such documentation as the United States may specify. _(/2,)_ The Government of India shall maintain or cause to be maintained books and records adequate to identify the goods and services financed for agreed projects pursuant to paragraphs 1 (~b) and 1 (~c) of Article /2, of the Agreement, to disclose the use thereof in the projects and to record the progress of the projects (including the cost thereof). The books and records with respect to each project shall be maintained for the duration of the project, or until the expiration of three years after final disbursement for the project has been made by the United States, whichever is later. The two Governments shall have the right at all reasonable times to examine such books and records and all other documents, correspondence, memoranda and other records involving transactions relating to agreed projects. The Government of India shall enable the authorized representatives of the United States to observe and review agreed projects and the utilization of goods and services financed under the projects, and shall furnish to the United States all such information as it shall reasonably request concerning the above-mentioned matters and the expenditures related thereto. This broad delegation leaves within our discretion (subject to the always-present criterion of the public interest) both the determination of what degree of interference shall be considered excessive, and the methods by which such excessive interference shall be avoided. _3._ The present proceeding is concerned with the standard broadcast (~AM) band, from 540 kc& to 1600 kc&. Whenever two or more standard broadcast stations operate simultaneously on the same or closely adjacent frequencies, each interferes to some extent with reception of the other. The extent of such interference- which may be so slight as to be undetectable at any point where either of the stations renders a usable signal, or may be so great as to virtually destroy the service areas of both stations- depends on many factors, among the principal ones being the distance between the stations, their respective radiated power, and, of particular significance here, <the time of day>. Other factors playing a part in the the extent of ~AM service and interference are the frequency involved, the time of year, the position of the year in the sunspot cycle, ground conductivity along the transmission path, atmospheric and manmade noise, and others. With the existence of these many factors, some of them variable, it obviously has never been and is not now possible for the Commission to make assignments of ~AM stations on a case-to-case basis which will insure against any interference in any circumstances. Rather, such assignments are made, as they must be, on the basis of certain overall rules and standards, representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem, taking into account for each situation some of the variables (e&g&, power and station separations) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation. An example of the overall standards applied is the 20-to-1 ratio established for the determination of that degree of cochannel interference which is regarded as objectionable. By this standard, it is determined that where two stations operating on the same frequency are involved, objectionable interference from station ~A exists at any point within the service area of station ~B where station ~A's signal is of an intensity one-twentieth or more of the strength of station ~B's signal at that point. _4._ The 20-to-1 ratio for cochannel interference embodies one of the fundamental limiting principles which we must always take into account in ~AM assignments and allocations- that signals from a particular station are potential sources of objectionable interference over an area much greater than that within which they provide useful service. A second fundamental principle is that involved particularly in the present proceeding- the difference between nighttime and daytime propagation conditions with respect to the standard broadcast frequencies. This is a phenomenon familiar to all radio listeners, resulting from reflection of skywave signals at night from the ionized layer in the upper atmosphere known as the ionosphere. All ~AM stations radiate both skywave and groundwave signals, at all hours; but during the middle daytime hours these skywave radiations are not reflected in any substantial quantity, and during this portion of the day both skywave service and skywave interference are, in general, negligible. But during nighttime hours the skywave radiations are reflected from the ionosphere, thereby creating the possibility of one station's rendering service, via skywave, at a much greater distance than it can through its groundwave signal, and at the same time vastly complicating the interference problem because of the still greater distance over which these skywave signals may cause interference to the signals of stations on the same and closely adjacent frequencies. Because of the difference between daytime and nighttime propagation conditions, it has been necessary to evolve different allocation structures for daytime and nighttime broadcasting in the ~AM band, with many more stations operating during the day than at night. _5._ It was recognized years ago that the transition from daytime to nighttime propagation conditions, and vice versa, is not an instantaneous process, but takes place over periods of time from roughly 2 hours before sunset until about 2 hours after sunset, and again from roughly 2 hours before sunrise until some 2 hours after sunrise. During the period of about 4 hours around sunset, skywave transmission conditions are building up until full nighttime conditions prevail; during the same period around sunrise, skywave transmission is declining, until at about 2 hours after sunrise it reaches a point where it becomes of little practical significance. However, in this case as elsewhere it was necessary to arrive at a single standard to be applied to all situations, representing an averaging of conditions, and thus to fix particular points in time which would be considered the dividing points between daytime and nighttime conditions. It was determined that the hours of sunrise and sunset, respectively, should be used for this purpose. Accordingly, the 1938-39 rules adopted these hours as limitations upon the operation of daytime stations. Class /2, stations operating on clear channels are required to cease operation or operate under nighttime restrictions beginning either at local sunset (for daytime class /2, stations) or sunset at the location of the dominant class /1, station where located west of the class /2, station (for limited-time class /2, stations).   
The same restrictions apply after local sunset in the case of class /3, stations operating on regional channels, which after that time are required to operate under nighttime restrictions in order to protect each other. With respect to nighttime assignments, the degree of skywave service and interference is determined by skywave curves (figs& 1 and 2 of sec& 3.190 of the rules) giving average skywave values. These curves were derived by an analysis of extensive skywave measurement data. It was recognized that skywave signals, because of their reflected nature, are of great variability and subject to wide fluctuations in strength. For this reason, the more uncertain skywave service was denominated "secondary" in our rules, as compared to the steadier, more reliable groundwave "primary service", and, for both skywave service and skywave interference, signal strength is expressed in terms of percentage of time a particular signal-intensity level is exceeded- 50 percent of the time for skywave service, 10 percent of the time for skywave interference.

#ALLOCATION POLICIES#

_6._ As mentioned, the allocation of ~AM stations represents a balance between protection against interference and the provision of opportunity for an adequate number of stations. The rules and policies to be applied in this process of course must be based on objectives which represent what is to be desired if radio service is to be of maximum use to the Nation. Our objectives, as we have stated many times, are- _(1)_ To provide some service to all listeners; _(2)_ To provide as many choices of service to as many listeners as possible; _(3)_ To provide service of local origin to as many listeners as possible. Since broadcast frequencies are very limited in number, these objectives are to some extent inconsistent in that not all of them can be fully realized, and to the extent that each is realized, there is a corresponding reduction of the possibilities for fullest achievement of the others. Accordingly, the Commission has recognized that an optimum allocation pattern for one frequency does not necessarily represent the best pattern for other frequencies, and has assigned different frequencies for use by different classes of stations. Some 45 frequencies are assigned for use primarily by dominant <Class /1,- ~A> or <Class /1,- ~B clear-channel> stations, designed to operate with adequate power and to provide service- both groundwave and (at night) skywave- over large areas and at great distances, being protected against interference to the degree necessary to achieve this objective. In dealing with these frequencies, the objective listed first above- provision of service to all listeners- was predominant; the other objectives were subordinated to it. The class /1, stations on these clear channels are protected to their 0.1-mv&/m& groundwave contours against daytime cochannel interference. With respect to skywave service rendered at night, class /1,- ~A stations are the only stations permitted to operate in the United States on clear channels specified for class /1,- ~A operation, and so render skywave service free from cochannel interference whereever they may be received; class /1,- ~B stations are protected at night to their 0.5-mv&/m& 50-percent time skywave contours against cochannel interference. Since the provision of skywave service requires adequate freedom from interference, only class /1, stations are capable of rendering skywave service. But nighttime operation by stations of other classes of course entails skywave interference to groundwave service, interference which is substantial unless steps are taken to minimize it. _7._ With respect to other frequencies, these are designated as regional or local, and assigned for use by class /3, and class /4, stations, respectively, stations operating generally with lower power. In the allocation pattern worked out for these frequencies, the provision of long-range service has to some extent been subordinated to the other two objectives- assignment of multiple facilities, and assignment of stations in as many communities as possible. _8._ As mentioned, the primary allocation objective to be followed in the allocation of stations on clear channels is the provision of widespread service, free from destructive interference. During nighttime hours, because of the intense skywave propagation then prevailing, no large number of stations can be permitted to operate on one of these channels, if the wide area service for which these frequencies are assigned is to be rendered satisfactorily by the dominant stations which must be relied upon to render it. Therefore, under our longstanding allocation rules, on some of these channels no station other than the dominant (class /1,- ~A) station is permitted to operate at night, so that the /1,- ~A station can render service, interference free, wherever it can be received. On the remainder of the clear channels, the dominant (class /1,- ~B) stations are protected as described above, and the relatively small number of secondary (class /2,) stations permitted to operate on these channels at night are required to operate directionally and/or with reduced power so as to protect the class /1, stations. In the daytime, on the other hand, since skywave transmission is relatively inefficient, it is possible to assign a substantially larger number of stations on these channels. Additional class /2, assignments for daytime operation can be made without causing destructive interference to the class /1, stations or to each other, and by their operation provide additional service on these channels and additional local outlets for a large number of communities. Such additional daytime class /2, assignments are appropriate if optimum use is to be made of these frequencies, and the Commission has over the years made a large number of them. Similarly, on the regional channels many class /3, stations have been assigned either to operate daytime only or to operate nighttime with directional antennas and/or lower power. _9._ Essentially, the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision [in 1938-1939] to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset, is sound as a basis for ~AM allocations, or whether, in the light of later developments and new understanding, skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account, and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours.

#THE HISTORY OF THE PROCEEDING#

_10._ The decision reached in 1938-39 was made after the accumulation of a large amount of data and thorough study thereof. Since then, there has been a notable increase in the number of stations and also the accumulation of additional data and the development of new techniques for using it, leading to a better understanding of propagation phenomena. In 1947, affidavits were filed with the Commission by various clear-channel stations alleging that extensive interference was being caused to the service areas of these stations during daylight hours, from class /2, stations whose signals were being reflected from the ionosphere so as to create skywave intereference. If you elect to use the Standard Deduction or the Tax Table, and later find you should have itemized your deductions, you may do so by filing an amended return within the time prescribed for filing a claim for refund. See <You May Claim a Refund>, Page 135. The same is true if you have itemized your deductions and later decide you should have used the Standard Deduction or Tax Table. The words {amended return} should be plainly written across the top of such return. _WHEN AND WHERE TO FILE_ April 15 is usually the final date for filing income tax returns for most people because they use the calendar year ending on December 31. If you use a fiscal year, a year ending on the last day of any month other than December, your return is due on or before the 15th day of the 4th month after the close of your tax year. _SATURDAY, SUNDAY, OR HOLIDAY._ If the last day (due date) for performing {any} act for tax purposes, such as filing a return or making a tax payment, etc&, falls on Saturday, Sunday, or a legal holiday, you may perform that act on the next succeeding day which is not a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday. Since April 15, 1962, is on Sunday your return for the calendar year 1961 will be timely filed if it is filed on or before Monday, April 16, 1962.

{IF YOU MAIL A RETURN} or tax payment, you must place it in the mails in ample time to reach the district director on or before the due date. _DECLARATION OF ESTIMATED TAX._ If you were required to file a declaration of estimated tax for the calendar year 1961, it is not necessary to pay the fourth installment otherwise due on January 15, 1962, if you file your income tax return Form 1040, and pay your tax in full for the calendar year 1961 by January 31, 1962. The filing of an original or amended declaration, otherwise due on January 15, 1962, is also waived, if you file your Form 1040 for 1961 and pay the full tax by January 31, 1962. Farmers, for these purposes, have until February 15, 1962, to file Form 1040 and pay the tax in full for the calendar year 1961. Fiscal year taxpayers have until the last day of the first month following the close of the fiscal year (farmers until the 15th day of the 2d month). See Chapter 38.   
{Nonresident aliens living in Canada or Mexico} who earn wages in the United States may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages, the same as if they were citizens of the United States. Their United States tax returns are due April 16, 1962. However, if their United States income is not subject to the withholding of tax on wages, their returns are due June 15, 1962, if they use a calendar year, or the 15th day of the 6th month after the close of their fiscal year. _NONRESIDENT ALIENS IN PUERTO RICO._ If you are a nonresident alien and a resident of Puerto Rico, your return is also due June 15, 1962, or the 15th day of the 6th month after the close of your fiscal year.   
{IF A TAXPAYER DIES,} the executor, administrator, or legal representative must file the final return for the decedent on or before the 15th day of the 4th month following the close of the deceased taxpayer's normal tax year. Suppose John Jones, who, for 1960, filed on the basis of a calendar year, died June 20, 1961. His return for the period January 1 to June 20, 1961, is due April 16, 1962.   
The return for a decedent may also serve as a claim for refund of an overpayment of tax. In such a case, Form 1310 should be completed and attached to the return. This form may be obtained from the local office of your district director.   
{RETURNS OF ESTATES OR TRUSTS} are due on or before the 15th day of the 4th month after the close of the tax year. _EXTENSIONS OF TIME FOR FILING._ Under unusual circumstances a resident individual may be granted an extension of time to file a return. You may apply for such an extension by filing Form 2688, <Application For Extension Of Time To File>, with the District Director of Internal Revenue for your district, or you may make your application in a letter. Your application must include the following information: (1) your reasons for requesting an extension, (2) whether you filed timely income tax returns for the 3 preceding years, and (3) whether you were required to file an estimated return for the year, and if so whether you did file and have paid the estimated tax payments on or before the due dates. Any failure to file timely returns or make estimated tax payments when due must be fully explained. Extensions are not granted as a matter of course, and the reasons for your request must be substantial. If you are unable to sign the request, because of illness or other good cause, another person who stands in close personal or business relationship to you may sign the request on your behalf, stating the reason why you are unable to sign. You should make any request for an extension early so that if it is refused, your return may still be on time. See also <Interest on Unpaid Taxes>, below. _EXTENSIONS WHILE ABROAD._ Citizens of the United States who, on April 15, are not in the United States or Puerto Rico, are allowed an extension of time until June 15 for filing the return for the preceding calendar year. An extension of 2 months beyond the regular due date for filing is also available to taxpayers making returns for a fiscal year. _ALASKA AND HAWAII._ Taxpayers residing or traveling in Alaska are also allowed this extension of time for filing, but those residing or traveling in Hawaii are {not} allowed this automatic extension.

{Military or Naval Personnel} on duty in Alaska or outside the United States and Puerto Rico are also allowed this automatic extension of time for filing their returns.   
{You must attach a statement} to your return, if you take advantage of this automatic extension, showing that you were in Alaska or were outside the United States or Puerto Rico on April 15 or other due date. _INTEREST ON UNPAID TAXES._ Interest at the rate of 6% a year must be paid on taxes that are not paid on or before their due date. Such interest must be paid even though an {extension of time for filing} is granted. _WHEN PAYMENT IS DUE._ If your computation on Form 1040 or Form 1040~A shows you owe additional tax, it should be remitted with your return unless you owe less than $1, in which case it is forgiven. If payment is by cash, you should ask for a receipt. If you file Form 1040~A and the District Director computes your tax, you will be sent a bill if additional tax is due. This bill should be paid within 30 days. _PAYMENT BY CHECK OR MONEY ORDER._ Whether the check is certified or uncertified, the tax is not paid until the check is paid. If the check is not good and the April 15 or other due date deadline elapses, additions to the tax may be incurred. Furthermore, a bad check may subject the maker to certain penalties. All checks and money orders should be made payable to <Internal Revenue Service>. _REFUNDS._ An overpayment of income and social security taxes entitles you to a refund unless you indicate on the return that the overpayment should be applied to your succeeding year's estimated tax.   
{If you file Form 1040~A} and the District Director computes your tax, any refund to which you are entitled will be mailed to you.   
{If you file a Form 1040,} you should indicate in the place provided that there is an overpayment of tax and the amount you want refunded and the amount you want credited against your estimated tax.   
{Refunds of less than $1} will not be made unless you attach a separate application to your return requesting such a refund. _WHERE TO FILE._ Send your return to the Director of Internal Revenue for the district in which you have your legal residence or principal place of business. If you have neither a legal residence nor a principal place of business in any internal revenue district, your return should be filed with the District Director of Internal Revenue, Baltimore 2, Md&. If your principal place of abode for the tax year is outside the United States (including Alaska and Hawaii), Puerto Rico, or the Virgin Islands and you have no legal residence or principal place of business in any internal revenue district in the United States, you should file your return with the Office of International Operations, Internal Revenue Service, Washington 25, D&C&. _ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME_ The deductions allowed in determining Adjusted Gross Income put all taxpayers on a comparable basis. It is the amount you enter on line 9, page 1 of Form 1040. Some deductions are subtracted from Gross Income to determine Adjusted Gross Income. Other deductions are subtracted only from Adjusted Gross Income in arriving at Taxable Income. {TO COMPUTE YOUR ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME} you total all items of income. (See Chapter 6.) From this amount deduct the items indicated below.   
{Businessmen} deduct all ordinary and necessary expenses attributable to a trade or business. _RENTS OR ROYALTIES._ If you hold property for the production of rents or royalties you subtract, in computing Adjusted Gross Income, ordinary and necessary expenses and certain other deductions attributable to the property. (See Chapter 15.)   {Outside salesmen} deduct all expenses attributable to earning a salary, commission, or other compensation. (See Chapter 10.)   {Employees} deduct expenses of travel, meals and lodging while away from home in connection with the performance of their services as employees. They also deduct transportation expenses incurred in connection with the performance of services as employees even though they are not away from home. (See Chapter 12.) If your employer reimburses you for expenses incurred, you deduct such expenses if they otherwise qualify. (See Chapter 10.)   {Sick pay,} if included in your Gross Income, is deducted in arriving at Adjusted Gross Income. If your sick pay is not included in your Gross Income, you may not deduct it. (See Chapter 9.) _INCOME FROM ESTATES AND TRUSTS._ If you are a life tenant, you deduct allowable depreciation and depletion. If you are an income beneficiary of property held in trust or an heir, legatee, or devisee, you may deduct allowable depreciation and depletion, if not deductible by the estate or trust.   
{Deductible losses on sales or exchanges} of property are allowable in determining your Adjusted Gross Income. (See Chapter 20.) _50% OF CAPITAL GAINS._ You also deduct 50% of the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses in determining Adjusted Gross Income. (See Chapter 24.) _OTHER DEDUCTIONS._ Certain other deductions are not allowed in determining Adjusted Gross Income. They may be claimed only by itemizing them on page 2 of Form 1040. These deductions may not be claimed if you elect to use the Standard Deduction or tax Table. (See Chapters 30 through 37.)

#2. MINORS MINORS MUST ALSO FILE RETURNS IF THEY EARN $600 OR MORE DURING THE YEAR.#

A MINOR IS subject to tax on his own earnings even though his parent may, under local law, have the right to them and might actually have received the money. His income is not required to be included in the return of his parent.

{A MINOR CHILD IS ALLOWED A PERSONAL EXEMPTION} of $600 on his own return regardless of how much money he may earn. _EXEMPTION ALSO ALLOWED PARENT._ If your child is under 19 or is a student you may also claim an exemption for him if he qualifies as your dependent, even though he earns $600 or more. See Chapter 5. _EXAMPLE._ Your 16 year old son earned $720 in 1961. You spent $800 for his support. Since he had gross income of $600 or more, he must file a return in which he may claim an exemption deduction of $600. Since you contributed more than half of his support, you may also claim an exemption for him on your return. _HE MAY GET A TAX REFUND._ A minor who has gross income of less than $600 is entitled to a refund if income tax was withheld from his wages. Generally, the refund may be obtained by filing Form 1040~A accompanied by the withholding statement (Form ~W-2). If he had income other than wages subject to withholding, he may be required to file Form 1040. See Chapter 1.

{IF YOUR CHILD WORKS FOR YOU,} you may deduct reasonable wages you paid to him for services he rendered in your business. You may deduct these payments even though your child uses the money to purchase his own clothing or other necessities which you are normally obligated to furnish him, and even though you may be entitled to his services. The one- or two-season hunt, of which there have been too many recently, may do more harm than good; for such programs raise hopes of assistance toward achieving excellence in scholarship and the arts which are dashed when the programs are discontinued; and they are dashed, no less, by lack of skill in making selections of men and women for development toward the highest reaches of the mind and spirit.   
For the making of selections on the basis of excellence requires that any foundation making the selections shall have available the judgments of a corps of advisors whose judgments are known to be good: such judgments can be known to be good only by the records of those selected, by records made subsequent to their selection over considerable periods of time.   
The central group of the Foundation's advisors are, at any one period of time, the members of our Advisory Board, consisting, now, of thirty-six men and women. They are chosen by the Foundation's Board of Trustees on the bases of their own first-rate accomplishments in their different fields of scholarship and the arts. Their locations in all parts of the United States, and their locations in the several kinds of educational and research institutions that are the principal homes of our intellectual and artistic strengths also are factors in the Trustees' minds. For this concept of an Advisory Board, ancillary to the Board of Trustees, we are indebted to the late President of Harvard University, A& Lawrence Lowell, a master of the subject of the structure of cultural institutions and their administration. That we had the wit and wisdom to adopt Mr& Lowell's concept and make it the base for our processes of selection is one reason why our selections have been, it may be said truly, pretty uniformly good.   
For in accordance with Mr& Lowell's concept of an advisory board, our selections are made by experienced selectors who give both constancy and consistency to our processes and our choices. And lest we should become too consistent, in the sense of becoming heedless of new fields of scholarship and new points of view in the arts, the Foundation's Board of Trustees maintains a trickle- not a flow!- of new members through the Advisory Board.

Two committees of members of the Advisory Board constitute the committees of selection- one for the selection of Fellows from Canada, the United States, and the English-speaking Caribbean area and one for the selection of Fellows from the Latin American republics and the Republic of the Philippines.   
To the members of our Advisory Board, and most specially to its members who constitute our committees of selection, the Foundation is indebted for its successes of choice of Fellows. We are, as we know, utterly dependent on the quality of advice we get; and quality of advice, added to devotion to the Foundation's purposes and ideals, we do get from our Advisory Board in measures so full that they can be appreciated only by those of us who work here every day.   
But the facts about our Advisory Board and its members' duties are only one of several sets of facts about the quest for advice, both reliable and imaginative, on which to base our selections of Fellows. For example, the interest of past members of the Foundation's Advisory Board remains such that they place their knowledge and judgments at our disposal much as they had done when they were, formally, members of that Board. And, besides, there are a large number of scholars, artists, composers of music, novelists, poets, essayists, choreographers, lawyers, servants of government, and men of affairs- hundreds, indeed- who serve the Foundation well with the advice they give us freely and gratis out of their experience.   
To all, the Foundation gives the kind of thanks which are more than thanks: to them we are grateful beyond the possibility of conveying in words how grateful we are. #@#

IT IS a truism of business that no business can be better than its board of directors and its top management. The same is true of every foundation. During the biennium reviewed in this Report, our Board of Trustees named able men, younger than the rest of us, to the Board and to top management to insure future continuance of the first-class administration of the Foundation's affairs:   Dr& James Brown Fisk, physicist, President of the Bell Telephone Laboratories, was elected to the Board of Trustees. He is a member both of the National Academy of Sciences and of the American Philosophical Society; and he has served our country well as a scientific statesman on international commissions.   
Dr& Gordon N& Ray, Provost, Vice-President and Professor of English in the University of Illinois, was appointed Associate Secretary General. The Trustees of the Foundation appointed Dr& Ray to that position with the stated expectation that he would succeed the present Secretary General upon the latter's eventual retirement. Dr& Ray is a Fellow of the Foundation- appointed thrice to assist his studies of William Makepeace Thackeray and of H& G& Wells- and, before his appointment to the Foundation's executive staff, had been given our highest scholarly accolade, appointment to the Advisory Board.

Referring further to the Foundation's officers, Dr& James F& Mathias, for eleven years our discerning colleague as Associate Secretary, was promoted to be Secretary. He is a historian, with the great merit of a historian's long view.   
Also appointed to the Foundation's staff, as Assistant Secretary, is Mr& J& Kellum Smith, Jr&. Mr& Smith, like the present Secretary General, is a lawyer; and lawyers- with the great virtues that they are trained to read "the fine print" carefully and are able out of professional experience to arrive at imaginative solutions to difficult problems in many fields- are indispensable even in a foundation office.   
The present Secretary General has been the Foundation's principal administrative officer continuously since the Foundation's establishment thirty-five years ago. But even he will not last indefinitely and the above-noted new arrangements are, quite simply, made to assure qualitative continuity in the Foundation's policies and practices. The effective recognition of excellence and its nurture has to be learned and is not learned in a day, nor even in a year. #@#

WE ARE not given to lamentations, neither personally nor in these Reports. On the contrary, if this be an apocalyptic era as is commonly said, we see it as an era of opportunity. For, granting that there are great present-day problems to be solved, these problems make great demands; and by their demanding tend to create resources of men's minds and hearts which problems with easy answers do not bring forth. Of this, examples are legion: Pericles speaking his funeral oration in Ancient Greece's extremity after Thermopylae and making it a testament of freedom; Jefferson writing the Declaration of Independence amid the catastrophes of revolution; Christ preaching the Sermon on the Mount, close to his ultimate sacrifice; Shakespeare speaking with "the indescribable gusto of the Elizabethan voice"- Keats's words- in the days of the Spanish Armada's threats; Isaac Newton, at the age of twenty-three, industriously calculating logarithms "to two and fifty places" during the great plague year in England, 1665; Winston Churchill's Olympian, optimistic and resolute sayings when Britain stood alone against the armed forces of tyranny less than twenty years ago; the present-day explorations of outer space, answering age-old questions of science and philosophy, in the face of possible wars of extinction.

<Forsan et haec olim meminisse iuvabit>, as the Roman poet, Virgil, declared with much more historical sense than most writers of today. It gives, indeed, cause for rejoicing to remember what many catastrophes of the past produced; and it is to be noted also that confidence should grow from remembering that great men often appeared in the past to turn local catastrophe into future good for all mankind.

For example, out of the social evils of the English industrial revolution came the novels of Charles Dickens; and his genius moved his readers to seek solutions of those evils for all Western men- until today-, in the industrialized West, these social evils substantially do not exist. The solutions were not arrived at by any theoreticians of the Karl Marx stripe but by men of government- lawyers, most of them- and men of business. These were educated men, who, as Mr& Justice Holmes was fond of saying, formed their inductions out of experience under the burden of responsibility. That is, to put it realistically, they had to run their businesses at a profit, or they had to get the votes to get elected. Nevertheless, they made naught of Marx's prophecy that capitalism would never pay the "workers"- to use Marx's word- more than a subsistence wage, with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the capitalists' pockets with the result, in turn, that the gap between the rich and the poor would irrevocably widen and the misery of the poor increase.   
But as all understand who have eyes to see, nothing of the kind has happened; indeed, the contrary has happened. The gulf between the "rich" and the "poor" has narrowed, in the industrialized Western world, to the point that the word "poor" is hardly applicable. And the reason this could happen is clear: men of government, business men, lawyers and all who concerned themselves with the welfare of their fellow men did not let their concern to run their businesses at a profit restrict the development of freedom and opportunity. Some would say that they were not permitted to run their businesses only for profit; and even putting it that way would not prove that Marx was anything but wrong.   
Sir Henry Sumner Maine, a hundred years before Communism was a force to be reckoned with, wrote his brilliant legal generalization, that "the progress of society is from status to contract". The essence of contract is that one is free to make a choice of what one will or will not do. Hence, the condition of freedom is a necessary condition for choice. The greater the range of freedom for individual men, the greater the range of choice; the greater the range of choice, the greater the rate of change. For change is dependent on the possibilities that individual men glimpse for the future. But when there is not freedom and opportunity to choose, men- individual men- must remain in status and society does not, cannot progress.   
The eternal truth is that progress- due, as it always is, to individual creative genius- is just as dependent on freedom as human life is dependent on the beating of the heart.   
And lest anybody think that considerations such as these are not germane in a foundation report, let me enlighten them with the truths that, under Communism there would have been no capital with which to endow the Foundation, and that there would not be that individual freedom within which the Fellows might proceed, untrammeled in every way, toward their discoveries, their creative efforts for the good of mankind. #@#

DURING the year 1959, we granted 354 Fellowships; in 1960, we granted 334. As heretofore, our Fellowships are available to assist research in all fields of knowledge and creative effort in all the arts. We do not favor one field over another: we think that all inquiry, all scholarly and artistic creation, is good- provided only that it contributes to a sense and understanding of the true ends of life, as all first-rate scholarship and artistic creation does. Indeed, if pressed, we would say what the late Robert Henri, American painter, said to a pupil, "Anything will do for a subject: it's what <you> do with it that counts".

Thus, we have no part, and want none, in current discussions of the relative importance of science, the social studies, the humanities, the creative arts. We want no part in such discussions, because we think them largely futile; and we think them largely futile because, for true excellence of accomplishment, every scholar and every artist must cross boundaries of knowledge and boundaries of points of view.

When the Brown + Sharpe Manufacturing Company reached its 125th year as a going industrial concern during 1958, it became an almost unique institution in the mechanical world.   
With its history standing astride all but the very beginnings of the industrial revolution, Brown + Sharpe has become over the years a singular monument to the mechanical foresight of its founder, Joseph R& Brown, and a world-renowned synonym for precision and progress in metalworking technology.

Joseph R& Brown grew up in the bustle and enterprise of New England between 1810 and 1830. He was early exposed to the mechanical world, and in his youth often helped his father, David Brown, master clock and watchmaker, as he plied his trade. At the age of 17 he became an apprentice machinist at the shop of Walcott + Harris in Valley Falls, Rhode Island, and following two or three other jobs in quick succession after graduation, he went into business for himself in 1831, making lathes and small tools. This enterprise led to a father-and-son combination beginning in 1833, under the name D& Brown + Son, a business which eventually grew into the modern corporation we now call Brown + Sharpe.   
The years of Joseph's partnership with his father were numbered. In 1838, a devastating fire gutted their small shop and soon thereafter David Brown moved west to Illinois, settling on a land grant in his declining years.

Joseph Brown continued in business by himself, quickly rebuilding the establishment which had been lost in the fire and beginning those first steps which were to establish him as a pioneer in raising the standards of accuracy of machine shop practice throughout the world.

Much of his genius, of course, sprang from his familiarity with clock movements. During these early years the repair of watches and clocks and the building of special clocks for church steeples formed an important part of the young man's occupation. He became particularly interested in graduating and precision measurement during the 1840's, and his thinking along these lines developed considerably during this period. But his business also grew, and we are told that Mr& Brown found it increasingly difficult to devote as much time to his creative thinking as his inclinations led him to desire. It must have been with some pleasure and relief that on September 12, 1848, Joseph Brown made the momentous entry in his job book, in his characteristically cryptic style, "Lucian Sharpe came to work for me this day as an apprentice".   
The young apprentice apparently did well by Mr& Brown, for in the third year of his apprenticeship Lucian was offered a full partnership in the firm; the company became "J& R& Brown + Sharpe", and entered into a new and important period of its development. Mr& Sharpe's arrival in the business did indeed provide what Mr& Brown had most coveted- time for "tinkering", and the opportunity of carrying out in the back room those developments in precision graduation which most interested him at that time.   
By 1853, the new partnership announced the precision vernier caliper as the first fruit of their joint efforts. The basic significance of this invention helped them to follow it rapidly in 1855 by the development of a unique precision gear cutting and dividing engine. That development, in turn, formed the foundation of still more significant expansions in later years- in gear cutting, in circular graduating, in index drilling, and in many other fields where accuracy was a paramount requirement.   
Throughout their careers, both Mr& Brown and Mr& Sharpe were interested in the problem of setting up standards of measurement for the mechanical trades. Several efforts were made in this direction, and though not all of them survive to this day, the Brown + Sharpe wire gage system was eventually adopted as the American standard and is still in common use today.

As one development followed another, the company's reputation for precision in the graduating field brought it broader and broader opportunities for expansion in precision manufacture. In 1858, the partnership began manufacturing the Willcox + Gibbs sewing machine.

As the story goes, Mr& Gibbs, who originally came from the back counties of the Commonwealth of Virginia, saw an illustration in a magazine of the famous Howe sewing machine. Curious as to what made it work, he built a crude model of it in wood, and filed a piece of steel until he succeeded in making a metal pickup for the thread, enabling the crude machine to take stitches. When he showed this model as his "solution" as to how the Howe sewing machine operated, he was told he was "wrong", and discovered to his amazement that the Howe Machine, which was unknown to him in detail, used two threads while the one that he had perfected used only one. Thus was invented the single thread sewing machine, which Mr& Gibbs in partnership with Mr& Willcox decided to bring to Brown + Sharpe with the proposal that the small company undertake its manufacture.   
The new work was a boon to the partnership, not only for its own value but particularly for the stimulation it provided to the imagination of J& R& Brown toward yet further developments for production equipment.

The turret screw machine, now known as the Brown + Sharpe hand screw machine, takes its ancestry directly from Mr& Brown's efforts to introduce equipment to simplify the manufacture of the sewing machine. Mr& Brown made important additions to the arts in screw machine design by drastically improving the means for revolving the turret, by introducing automatic feeding devices for the stock, and reversible tap and die holders.   
In 1861, Mr& Brown's attention was called to yet another basic production problem- the manufacture of twist drills. At that time, during the Civil War, Union muskets were being manufactured in Providence and the drills to drill them were being hand-filed with rattail files. This process neither satisfied the urgent production schedules nor Mr& Brown's imagination of the possibilities in the situation. The child of this problem was Mr& Brown's famous Serial No& 1 Universal Milling Machine, the archtype from which is descended today's universal knee-type milling machine used throughout the world. The original machine, bearing its famous serial number, is still on exhibition at the Brown + Sharpe Precision Center in Providence.   
During the Civil War period Mr& Brown also invented the Brown + Sharpe formed tooth gear cutter, a basic invention which ultimately revolutionized the world's gear manufacturing industry by changing its basic economics. Up until that time it had been possible to make cutters for making gear teeth, but they were good for only one sharpening. As soon as the time came for re-sharpening, the precise form of the gear tooth was lost and a new cutter had to be made. This process made the economical manufacture of gears questionable until some way could be found to permit the repeated re-sharpening of gear tooth cutters without the loss of the precision form. Mr& Brown's invention achieved this and, as a byproduct, formed the cornerstone of Brown + Sharpe's position of leadership in the gear making equipment field which lasted until the 1920's when superceded by other methods.   
The micrometer caliper, as a common workshop tool, also owes much to J& R& Brown. Although Mr& Brown was not himself its inventor (it was a French idea), it is typical that his intuition first conceived the importance of mass producing this basic tool for general use. So it was that when Mr& Brown and Mr& Sharpe first saw the French tool on exhibition in Paris in 1868, they brought a sample with them to the United States and started Brown + Sharpe in yet another field where it retains its leadership to this day.   
The final achievement of Mr& Brown's long and interesting mechanical career runs a close second in importance to his development of the universal milling machine. That achievement was his creation of the universal grinding machine, which made its appearance in 1876 at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition. This machine, like its milling counterpart, was the antecedent of a machine-family used to this very day in precision metalworking shops throughout the world. Along with J& R& Brown's other major developments, the universal grinding machine was profoundly influential in setting the course of Brown + Sharpe for many years to come.   
Following Mr& Brown's death, there came forward in the Brown + Sharpe organization many other men who contributed greatly to the development of the company. One such man was Samuel Darling.   
As head of the firm Darling + Swartz, Mr& Darling began by challenging Brown + Sharpe to its keenest competition during the 1850's and early 60's. In 1868, however, a truce was called between the companies, and the partnership of Darling, brown + Sharpe was formed. Between that year and the buying out of Mr& Darling's interest in 1892, a large portion of the company's precision tool business was carried out under the name of Darling, Brown + Sharpe, and to this day many old precision tools are in use still bearing that famous trademark.   
Perhaps the outstanding standard bearer of Mr& Brown's tradition for accuracy was Mr& Oscar J& Beale, whose mechanical genius closely paralleled that of Mr& Brown, and whose particular forte was the development of the exceedingly accurate measuring machinery that enabled Brown + Sharpe to manufacture gages, and therefore its products, with an accuracy exceeding anything then available elsewhere in the world.   
Also important on the Brown + Sharpe scene, at the turn of the century, was Mr& Richmond Viall, Works Superintendent of the company from 1876 to 1910. Mr& Viall possessed remarkable talents for the leadership and development of men. He was an ardent champion of the Brown + Sharpe Apprentice Program and personal counselor to countless able men who first developed their industrial talents with the company. In one sense it can be said that one of the most important Brown + Sharpe products over the years has been the men who began work with the company and subsequently came to places of industrial eminence throughout the nation and even abroad.   
Commencing with the death of Lucian Sharpe in 1899, the name of Henry D& Sharpe was for more than 50 years closely interwoven with the destiny of the company. During his presidency, the company's physical plant was enormously expanded, and the length and breadth of the Brown + Sharpe machine tool line became the greatest in the world. During the early part of this century, the Brown + Sharpe works in Providence were unchallenged as the largest single manufacturing facility devoted exclusively to precision machinery and tool manufacture anywhere in the world. During these years the company's product line followed the basic tenets laid down by Mr& Brown. It expanded from hand screw machines to automatic screw machines, from simple formed-tooth gear cutting machines to gear hobbing machines and a large contract gear manufacturing business, from rudimentary belt-driven universal milling machines to a broad line of elaborately controlled knee-type and manufacturing type milling machines. In the grinding machine field, expansion went far from universal grinders alone and took in cylindrical grinders, surface grinders, and a wide variety of special and semi-special models.

In 1951, Henry D& Sharpe, Jr& succeeded his father and continued the company's development as a major factor in the metal-working equipment business. The company is still broadening its line and is now active on four major fronts.   
The Machine Tool Division is currently producing Brown + Sharpe single spindle automatic screw machines, grinding machines of many types, and knee and bed-type milling machines. Recently added is the Brown + Sharpe turret drilling machine which introduces the company to an entirely new field of tool development.   
In the Industrial Products Division, the company manufactures and markets a wide line of precision gaging and inspection equipment, machinists' tools- including micrometers, Vernier calipers, and accessories.   
In the Cutting Tool Division, the principal products include a wide variety of high speed steel milling cutters, end mills and saws. Sales and net income for the year ended December 31, 1960 showed an improvement over 1959. Net income was $2,557,111, or $3.11 per share on 821,220 common shares currently outstanding, as compared to $2,323,867 or $2.82 per share in 1959, adjusted to the same number of shares.

Sales and other operating income increased 25.1% from $24,926,615 in 1959 to $31,179,816 in 1960. This increase was sufficient to overcome the effect on net income of higher costs of manufacture and increased expenditures on research and development.   
In spite of the fact that our largest market, the textile industry, was affected substantially by the current decline in business activity, we have been able to produce and deliver our machines throughout the year 1960 at a rate materially higher than during 1959.

#OUTLOOK FOR CURRENT YEAR#

Our current rate of incoming orders has now contracted and unless this trend can be reversed, our production for 1961 will be lower than for 1960.   
However, the healthy inventory position of the textile industry lends support to the broadly expressed belief that improvement in that industry can be expected by the second half of 1961.

#NEED FOR SOUND TAX POLICY#

In connection with our continuing development of new and more efficient mill machinery, a sounder U& S& income tax policy on depreciation of production equipment, enabling the mills to charge off the cost of new machines on a more realistic basis, could, if adopted, have favorable effects on Leesona's business in the next few years.   
Such a depreciation policy would also, we believe, prove a very important factor in strengthening the competitive position of the U& S& textile and other industries, thus helping to strengthen the position of the dollar in foreign exchange.

#RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT#

Our research and development program, serving as it does an industry which must compete against low-cost production throughout the world, continues to have primary emphasis at Leesona.   
This program is based on the policy of designing and building efficient machines which will help produce better textile values- fabrics whose cost in relation to quality, fashion and utility provide the consumer with better textile products for the money.

Such policy involves continuing effort to improve on existing mill equipment, in terms of efficiency and versatility. But more important, we believe, it must concentrate on the development of entirely new concepts in textile processing as do the Unifil loom winder and our more recent Uniconer automatic coning machine.

Our Patterson Moos Research Division has made further very encouraging progress in development of fuel cells. The cooperation of our exclusive American licensee, Pratt + Whitney Aircraft Division of United Aircraft Corporation, has been important in this work. In addition to its major effort on fuel cells, Patterson Moos Research Division is continuing to carry on research in other fields, both under contract for the Defense Department, other government agencies and for our own account. ~PMR is currently supplying components vital to the Titan and Minuteman programs.   
We have recently entered into an agreement with Compagnie Generale de Telegraphie Sans Fil (~CSF) of France for the exclusive exchange of technical information on thermoelectric materials. The agreement gives us rights for manufacturing and marketing of such materials in the United States. Initially we will import the thermoelectric materials and modules from France but later we will manufacture in this country. There is a rapidly growing demand for this material, primarily from the military. Further research, we believe, will develop important commercial applications.   
A project for the Air Force has been completed in which the ~NAIR infrared detecting device was developed for area monitoring of noxious or dangerous gases.   
We are initiating research on the use of solid state materials for infrared detection using a method which will not require cooling of materials to attain high sensitivity.   
The rapid advance in science today suggests many other avenues of investigation. Our plan is to keep abreast of these advances, and select for development those fields which seem most promising for our special capabilities.

#NEW PLANT FACILITIES#

Early in August we broke ground for a new $3,500,000 plant in Warwick, Rhode Island, which will house our textile and coil winding machinery operations. Construction is well along, and the plant is scheduled for completion in November of this year. All operations now carried on at our plant at Cranston will be transferred to Warwick. Operations in the new plant should be producing efficiently early in 1962.   
An architect's sketch of the new plant is shown on the front cover. The building will contain 430,000 square feet, approximately the same as our present plant. However, its modern one-story layout is designed to increase our production capacity, permit more efficient manufacturing, and substantially reduce current repair and maintenance costs.   
A major consideration in the choice of the Warwick site, four miles from Cranston, was the fact that it permits retention of our present trained and highly skilled work force.   
We have entered into an agreement for the sale of the present Cranston properties, effective as soon as we have completed removal to our new plant.

#BRITISH SUBSIDIARY#

During the year our British subsidiary, Leesona-Holt, Limited, expanded its plant in Darwen, England, and added machine tool capacity. The operations of its other plant in Rochdale and Leesona's former operations in Manchester were transferred to a recently acquired plant in the adjoining town of Heywood. Layout and equipment were modernized and improved to obtain increased production on an efficient basis. The area available at Heywood is approximately three times the size of the former Rochdale and Manchester locations. In addition, land has been purchased to permit doubling the size of the plant in the future.

#FINANCIAL DEVELOPMENTS#

The new Warwick plant is being built at our expense and under our direction. It will be transfered on completion to The Industrial Foundation of Rhode Island, a non-profit organization, which will reimburse us for the cost of construction. we will then occupy the new plant under lease, with an option to purchase. These arrangements are, in our opinion, very favorable to Leesona. Interim financing of construction costs is provided by a short term loan from The Chase Manhattan Bank.   
In addition to expenditures on the Warwick plant, we have invested approximately $1,961,000 for machinery and equipment at Cranston, and for new machinery, plant and equipment at Leesona-Holt, Limited. We believe that these improved facilities will contribute income and effect savings which will fully justify the investment.   
Long term loans have been reduced by $395,000 to $2,461,000. Inventories increased $625,561 to $8,313,514 during the year and should decline in coming months. Thus we enter 1961 in a strong financial position.

#EMPLOYEE CONTRACTS#

In accordance with the two-year contract signed in May, 1959, with the International Association of Machinists, ~AFL-CIO, wages of hourly employees were increased by 4% in May, 1960, and pay levels for non-exempt salaried employees were increased proportionately. In addition, Blue Cross coverage for all employees and their dependents was extended to provide the full cost of semi-private hospital accommodations.

#PERSONNEL BENEFITS#

In addition to direct salaries and wages, the Company paid or accrued during the year the following amounts for the benefit of employees: @   During the pension year ended December 31, 1960, 23 employees retired, making a total of 171 currently retired under the Company's pension plan. At December 13, 1960 the fund held by the Industrial National Bank of Providence, as trustee for payment of past and future service pensions to qualified members of the plan, totaled $2,412,616.

The basic market for textiles is growing with the expansion of the population that began 20 years ago. Another growth factor is increased consumer demand for better quality and larger quantities of fabrics that go with a rising standard of living.   
As in many other industries, rising costs and intense competition, both domestic and foreign, have exerted increasing pressure on earnings of the textile industry in recent years.

#INCREASED EFFICIENCY#

In textiles, as elsewhere, a major part of the solution lies in greater efficiency and higher productivity.   
As a designer and manufacturer of textile production machinery, Leesona and other companies in its industry have sought to meet this challenge with new or improved equipment and methods that would increase production, yet maintain both quality and flexibility.

#PROBLEMS OF SHIFTING STYLES#

The problem of efficient production in textiles is complicated by the fact that the industry serves large markets which shift quickly with changes of fashion in apparel or home decoration. Production must be adjusted accordingly, at minimum cost and quickly.   
In addition, production machinery must in many cases be designed to handle with equal efficiency both natural fibers and the increasing number of synthetics, as well as blends. Following the term of service in Japan, each emissary returns for a brief visit to the campus to interpret his experience to the college community. The Carleton Service Fund provides the financial support for this program.

#MUSICAL ACTIVITIES#

THE COLLEGE was one of the first to recognize the importance of music not only as a definite part of the curriculum but as a vital adjunct to campus life. Extensive facilities for group performance are provided by maintaining, under skilled direction, the Choir, the Orchestra, the Band, the Glee Club, and smaller ensembles of wind and string players.   
All students are invited to participate in any of the musical organizations for which they qualify. Orchestra, Band, and Choir have auditions during the week preceding the first day of classes. The Glee Club is open to all students and faculty with no auditions necessary for membership.   
In addition to the many appearances of these organizations throughout the college year, there are concerts by students of the music department, by members of the music faculty, and by visiting artists.   
Student musical organizations are the Knights of Carleton and the Overtones (men's vocal groups), and the Keynotes (a women's singing group). These student-directed organizations include eight to ten members each; they perform at many campus social events.

#RELIGIOUS ACTIVITIES#

FROM THE FOUNDING of the College those responsible for its management have planned to provide its students favorable conditions for personal religious development and to offer opportunities through the curriculum and otherwise for understanding the meaning and importance of religion. Courses are offered in ethics, the philosophy and history of religion, Christian thought and history, and the Bible. Carleton aims throughout its entire teaching program to represent a point of view and a spirit which will contribute to the moral and religious development of its students.   
A COLLEGE SERVICE OF WORSHIP is held each Sunday morning at eleven o'clock in the Chapel. The sermons are given by the College Chaplain, by members of the faculty, or by guest preachers. Music is furnished by the Carleton College Choir.   
CHAPEL SERVICES are held weekly. These services at which attendance is voluntary are led by the Chaplain, by the President of the College, by selected faculty members, students, and visitors. The service is brief and variety in forms of worship is practiced.   
A SUNDAY EVENING PROGRAM provides theological lectures, music, drama, and films related to the issues of the Judeo-Christian tradition.   
ATTENDANCE is required at the College Service of Worship <or> at the Sunday Evening Program <or> at any regularly organized service of public worship. Each semester every student must attend ten of the services or religious meetings. Attendance at the Chapel Service is voluntary.

RELIGIOUS ORGANIZATIONS include the groups described below. The Y&M&C&A& and Y&W&C&A& at Carleton are connected with the corresponding national organizations and carry out their general purposes. Occasional meetings are held for the whole membership, usually with a guest speaker, while smaller discussion groups meet more frequently. The Associations sponsor many traditional campus events and provide students with opportunities to form new friendships, to broaden their interests, and to engage in worthwhile service projects.   
There are other organizations representing several of the denominational groups. Included are the following: Baptist Student Movement, Canterbury Club (Episcopal), Christian Science Organization, Friends' Meeting for Worship, Hillel (Jewish), Liberal Religious Fellowship, Lutheran Student Association, Newman Club (Roman Catholic), Presbyterian Student Fellowship, United Student Fellowship (Congregational-Baptist), and Wesley Fellowship (Methodist).   
Student religious organizations are co-ordinated under the Religious Activities Committee, a standing committee of the Carleton Student Association.   
THE NORTHFIELD CHURCHES include the following: Alliance, Congregational-Baptist, Episcopal, Lutheran (Norwegian, Danish, Missouri Synod, and Bethel), Methodist, Moravian, Pentecostal, and Roman Catholic.

#THEATER#

THE PURPOSE of producing plays at the College is three-fold: to provide the Carleton students with the best possible opportunity for theater-going within the limits set by the maturity and experience of the performers and the theatrical facilities available; to encourage the practice of attending the theater; and to develop a discriminating audience for good drama and sensitive performance.

Dramatic activity at the College is organized and carried on by The Carleton Players, which is to say by all students who are so inclined to advance these aims.   
For the 1960-1961 season, The Carleton Players have announced <Blood Wedding> by Federico Garcia Lorca, <The Knight of the Burning Pestle> by Beaumont and Fletcher and <A Moon for the Misbegotten> by Eugene O'Neill, with a pre-season production of <The Glass Menagerie> by Tennessee Williams.

#STUDENT WORKSHOP#

THIS workshop, located in Boliou Hall, provides facilities for students to work in ceramics, weaving, enameling, welding, woodworking, textile printing, printmaking, and lapidary. These extra-curricular activities are conducted under supervision of the Director of the Student Workshop. The workshop is open five afternoons and two evenings each week. A student organization, Bottega, is open to any student interested in increasing his understanding and appreciation of the graphic and ceramic arts in their historical, technical, and productive contexts. The group meets once a week in the Boliou Student Workshop. They are assisted and advised by members of the Art Department.

#ATHLETICS#

THE ATHLETIC PROGRAM at Carleton is considered an integral part of the activities of the College and operates under the same budgetary procedure and controls as the academic work.   
The physical education program for men recognizes the value of participation in competitive sports in the development of the individual student and aims to give every man an opportunity to enter some form of athletic competition, either intercollegiate or intramural.   
The same standards for admission, for eligibility to receive scholarships or grants-in-aid, and for scholastic performance at college apply to all students.

A faculty committee on athletics, responsible to the faculty as a whole, exercises control over the athletic program of the College. It concerns itself with: _1._ The policies which govern the program _2._ The preservation of desirable balance between the athletic and academic programs of the College _3._ The approval of athletic schedules _4._ The maintenance of Midwest Conference eligibility standards   Carleton is a member of the Midwest Collegiate Athletic Conference and abides by its eligibility rules. In addition to these rules, Carleton has added the following: _1._ A student who while in attendance at Carleton College participates in an athletic contest during the school year, other than that sponsored by the College, shall be permanently ineligible to participate in intercollegiate athletics at Carleton College and will also face permanent suspension from the institution. The school year does not end for any student until he has completed his last examination of the semester. _2._ A student to be eligible for the captaincy of any Carleton team must have a scholastic record of at least 1.00.

THE "~C" CLUB is composed of the men of the College who have won an official letter in Carleton athletics. The purpose of the Club is to promote better athletic teams at Carleton and to increase interest in them among the student body. This is done by encouraging the entire male student body to participate in either the intercollegiate or intramural sports program and by sponsoring the Carleton cheerleaders. _SOCCER CLUB._ The Soccer Club was organized by undergraduate men interested in playing soccer and promoting the sport. Membership consists of both beginners and experienced players. Practices are held regularly and the schedule of games is prepared by the student coach and the officers of the club. _WOMEN'S RECREATION ASSOCIATION._ This Association, organized in 1920, is affiliated with the Athletic Federation of College Women. The purpose of the organization is to further the interest of women students in recreational activities as a means of promoting physical efficiency, sportsmanship, and "play for play's sake". The Association is governed by a board made up of representatives from each of the four classes. Membership is open to any woman student in the College. Active groups sponsored by the organization include the Saddle Club, Orchesis, Golf Club, Tennis Club, and Dolphins. The Saddle Club, open to students proficient in horsemanship, presents the Annual Spring Riding Exhibition, and during the year it offers speakers, movies, breakfast rides, and trips to broaden their knowledge of the sport. Orchesis, for students interested in the modern dance, contributes to the May Fete and offers earlier in the year a modern dance demonstration. Tennis Club participates in a dual tennis tournament with the University of Minnesota each fall, and also sponsors a two-day state invitational tennis meet at Carleton in May. The Dolphins present a three-night water show the week of the May Fete. Under the auspices of the Women's Recreation Association, interclass competition is organized in badminton, basketball, field hockey, golf, tennis, and swimming. The Association participates in the winter sports carnival and sponsors several Play Days with St& Olaf and other near-by colleges. With the co-operation of the Department of Physical Education for Men, the Women's Recreation Association arranges mixed tournaments in tennis and golf in the fall and spring. Throughout the year there are social events, such as picnics, breakfast hikes, canoe trips, banquets, and indoor parties.

#COLLEGE PUBLICATIONS#

IN ADDITION to the miscellaneous pamphlets and other printed matter which it issues, the College maintains regular publications, as follows:

<The Bulletin,> in five issues: <The Report of the President> in August; <The Alumni Fund Report> in September; the annual <Catalog> in March; an <Alumni Reunion Bulletin> in April; and a special <Bulletin> in June. The College also publishes each year <The Report of the Treasurer> and a monthly newsletter entitled <Carleton College Comments>. In co-operation with the Alumni Association of Carleton College, an alumni magazine, <The Voice of the Carleton Alumni,> is edited and mailed seven times a year by the College's Publications Office and the Alumni Office. At intervals an alumni directory is issued. These publications may be secured as follows: The annual <Catalog> from the Director of Admissions and other issues from the Publications Office.   
In January, 1960, the first issue of <The Carleton Miscellany,> a quarterly literary magazine, was published by the College. The magazine, edited by members of the Carleton Department of English, includes contributions by authors from both within and beyond the Carleton community.

#STUDENT PUBLICATIONS#

<The Carletonian,> the college newspaper, is edited by students and published by the College under the supervision of the Publications Board. (See page 100.) It is issued weekly throughout the college year. The Publications Board holds annual competitive examinations for places on the editorial and business staffs. The editor, sports editor, and student business manager are chosen in December, the new staff assuming responsibility for the paper at the beginning of the second semester. The paper affords excellent practice for students interested in the field of journalism.   
<The Algol,> the college annual, is published in the fall of each year. <The Algol> serves as a record of campus organizations and student activities during the year. The Publications Board receives applications for the positions of editor and business manager and makes the appointments in the spring previous to the year of publication. Members of <The Algol> staff are nominated by the editor and business manager and appointed by the Publications Board.   
<Manuscript,> a quarterly literary magazine, is published by the students of the College. It is the purpose of this magazine to serve as an outlet for student creative writing. The editor and business manager of <Manuscript> are appointed by the Publications Board.

#CAMPUS BROADCASTING STATION#

A LOW-POWER, "carrier-current" broadcasting station, ~KARL, heard only in the campus dormitories, is owned and operated by the students to provide an outlet for student dramatic, musical, literary, technical, and other talents, and to furnish information, music, and entertainment for campus listeners. Over a hundred students participate in the planning and production of the daily program schedule. ~KARL provides experience for students who wish to pursue careers in radio.

#STUDENT GOVERNMENT#

THE CARLETON STUDENT ASSOCIATION includes all students in college and is intended "to work for the betterment of Carleton College by providing student government and student participation with the college administration in the formulation and execution of policies which pertain to student life and activities".

THE CARLETON SOCIAL CO-OPERATIVE is a standing committee of the Carleton Student Association. Week-end activities for the entire campus are planned by the Co-op Board.

In recent months, much attention has been given to the probable extent of the current downtrend in business and economists are somewhat divided as to the outlook for the near future. And yet, despite some disappointment with the performance of this first year of the new decade, 1960 has been a good year in many ways, with many overall measures of business having reached new peaks for the year as a whole. The shift in sentiment from excessive optimism early in the year to the present mood of caution has probably been a good thing, in that it has prevented the accumulation of the burdensome inventories that have characterized many previous swings in the business cycle. This caution has been particularly noticeable in a tendency of retailers and distributors to shift the inventory burden back on the supplier, and the fact stocks at retail are low in many lines has escaped attention because of the presence of higher stocks at the manufacturing level.   
In the electronics industry, this tendency is well illustrated by inventories of ~TV sets. Factory stocks in recent months have been the highest they have been in three years, while those at retail are below 1959. The total value of our industry's shipments, at factory prices, increased from $9.2 billion in 1959 to approximately $10.1 billion as a result of increases in all of the major segments of our business- home entertainment, military, industrial, and replacement. I believe a further gain is in prospect for 1961.

#HOME ENTERTAINMENT SALES UP#

Reflecting the largest percentage of high-end sets such as consoles and combinations since 1953, dollar value of home entertainment electronics in 1960 was about $1.9 billion, compared to $1.7 billion in 1959. Sales of ~TV sets at retail ran ahead of the like months of 1959 through July; set production (excluding those destined for the export market) also ran ahead in the early months, but was curtailed after the usual vacation shutdowns in the face of growing evidence that some of the early production plans had been overly optimistic. For the year as a whole, retail sales of ~TV sets probably came to 5.8 million against 5.7 million in 1959; however, production came to only 5.6 million compared to 6.2 million.   
In contrast to the lower turnout of ~TV, total radio production increased from 15.4 million sets to 16.7 million (excluding export). Both home and auto radios were in excellent demand, with retail sales of home sets ahead of 1959 in every month of the first eleven; sales and production of home sets were about equal at 10.4 million units. Auto set production came to about 6.3 million compared to 5.6 million in 1959. Separate phonographs also had a good year, reflecting the growing popularity of stereo sound and the same tendency on the part of the consumer to upgrade that characterized the radio-~TV market.   
The outlook for entertainment electronics in 1961 is certainly far from clear at present, but recent surveys have shown a desire on the part of consumers to step up their buying plans for durable goods. I would expect that sales at retail in the first half of 1961 might be below 1960 by some 10-15% but that second-half levels should show a favorable comparison, with a possibility of quite strong demand late in the year if business conditions recover as some recent forecasts suggest they will. I look for ~TV sales and production to be approximately equal at 5.7 million sets for the year, but I look for some decline in radios from the high rate in 1961 to more nearly the 1959 level of 15.0-15.5 million sets. I therefore believe it is realistic to assume a modest drop in the total value of home entertainment electronics to about $1.8 million, slightly below 1960, but above 1959.

#MILITARY ELECTRONICS TO GROW#

1960 witnessed another substantial increase in our industry's shipments of military electronics, which totalled about $5.4 billion compared to $4.9 billion in 1959. It is interesting to note that the present level of military electronics procurement is greater than the industry's total sales to all markets in 1950-1953, which were good years for our industry with television enjoying its initial period of rapid consumer acceptance. It has been correctly pointed out by well-informed people in the industry that it is probably unrealistic to expect a continuation of the yearly growth of 15% or better that characterized the decade of the 1950's, and that our military markets may be entering upon a new phase in which procurement of multiple weapons systems will give way to concentration of still undeveloped areas of our defense capability. While this may well be true in general, I believe it is also important to keep in mind that some recent developments suggest that over the next year or so military electronics may be one of the most strongly growing areas in an economy which is not expanding rapidly in other directions.   
Among the items scheduled for acceleration in the near future are the POLARIS and ~B70 programs, strengthening of the airborne alert system of the Strategic Air Command, and improved battlefield surveillance systems. Research and development expenditures connected with the reconnaissance satellite SAMOS and the future development of ballistic missile defense systems such as NIKE-ZEUS are expected to increase substantially. Research, development test and evaluation funds, devoted to missiles in 1960 were 3 to 4 times as large as those devoted to aircraft, and actual missile procurement is expected to exceed aircraft procurement by 1963. Still later, the realm of space technology will show substantial gains; it has been estimated that spending by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration will rise from less than $500 million in fiscal 1960 to more than $2 billion by 1967, and that the electronic industry's share of these expenditures will be closer to 50% than the current 20%.   
The stepped up defense procurement called for in the 1961 Budget has already begun to make itself felt in an upturn in orders for military electronic equipment and the components that go into it, and it has been suggested that an additional $2 billion increase in total defense spending may be requested for fiscal 1962. Although the impact of these increases on our industry's shipments will be gradual, on balance I look for another good increase in shipments in the coming year, to at least $6 billion.

#INDUSTRIAL ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT#

Paced by the continuing rapid growth of electronic data processing, sales of industrial and commercial electronic equipment totalled $1.8 billion compared to $1.6 billion in 1959. The market for computers and other data-handling continues to expand at the rate of about 30% annually, reaching some $450 million in 1960. Informed estimates look for this market to approximately quadruple by the late 1960's, under the stimulus of new applications in the fields of banking and retailing, industrial process control, and information storage and retrieval. In the industrial field, prospects for higher expenditures on electronic testing and measuring equipment are also quite bright. For the near term, however, it must be realized that the industrial and commercial market is somewhat more sensitive to general business conditions than is the military market, and for this reason I would expect that any gain in 1961 may be somewhat smaller than those of recent years; sales should slightly exceed 1960, however, and reach $1.9 billion.

#REPLACEMENT PARTS#

In addition to the three major original equipment segments of the electronics business, the steady growth in the market for replacement parts continues year by year. This is now a $1.0 billion business, up from $0.9 billion in 1959, and should reach $1.1 billion in 1961.   
The markets for electronic parts in 1960 have reflected the changing patterns of the various end equipment segments of the industry. Demand for parts for home entertainment was strong in the first half, but purchases were cut back to lower levels during the fall as set manufacturers reduced their own operating rates. In the military field, incoming orders turned down early in the year, and remained rather slow until late fall when the upturn in procurement of equipment began to make itself felt in rising orders for components.   
Sales of transistors in 1960 exceeded $300 million, compared to $222 million in 1959 despite substantial price reductions in virtually all types. Production totalled about 123 million units against 82 million in 1959, and I look for a further gain to 188 million units worth approximately $380 million in 1961. Sales of passive components, such as capacitors and resistors, although not growing as fast as those of semi-conductors were ahead of 1959 this year, and should increase again in 1961.   
In sum, I look for another good year for the electronics industry in 1961, with total sales increasing about 7% to $10.8 billion, despite the uncertainties in the business outlook generally. As I have indicated above, I base this feeling on a belief that current weakness in the market for consumer durable goods may continue through the early months of the year, but will give way to a sufficiently strong recovery later on to bring the full-year figures close to those of 1960; on prospects for continued increases in defense spending; and on continued growth in the applications of electronics to the complex problems of manufacturing and trade in the expanding but competitive economy of the 1960's.

The appointment of Gilbert B& Devey as General Manager of VecTrol Engineering, Inc&, of Stamford, Connecticut, a leading manufacturer of thyratron and silicon controlled rectifier electrical controls, has been announced by David B& Peck, Vice President, Special Products.   
Mr& Devey will be responsible for the commercial expansion of VecTrol's line of electronic and electrical power control components as furnished to end equipment manufacturers, working closely with Walter J& Brown, President and Director of Engineering of the recently acquired Sprague subsidiary. Mr& Brown will at the same time undertake expansion of VecTrol's custom design program for electronic control users with a greatly increased engineering staff.   
Mr& Devey's new responsibilities are in addition to those of his present post as marketing manager of Sprague's Special Products Group, which manufactures a wide line of digital electronic components, packaged component assemblies, and high temperature magnet wires.   
Mr& Devey first came to Sprague in 1953 as a Product Specialist in the Field Engineering Department, coming from the Office of Naval Research in Washington, D& C&, where he was an electronic scientist engaged in undersea warfare studies. During World War /2,, he was a lieutenant commander in the United States Navy. Mr& Devey is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and attended the United States Naval Academy Post-Graduate School specializing in electronic engineering. He was named Product Manager of the Special Products Division of Sprague when it was founded in 1958, and was later promoted to his present post. Mr& Devey is a member of the Institute of Radio Engineers, and is chairman of the Electronic Industries Association Committee ~P-9 on Printed and Modular Components.

Mr& Brown, well-known, English-born inventor, prior to founding VecTrol was at various times section leader in radio research at Metropolitan Vickers Electrical Co&, Ltd&; chief engineer of the radio set division of Electric and Musical Industries, Ltd&, the largest electronic equipment manufacturer in Great Britain; director of engineering at Philco of Great Britain, Ltd&, and vice president in charge of production and assistant to the president at The Brush Development Co&, Cleveland, Ohio. He has a Bachelor of Science from the University of Manchester, England. Mr& Brown presently has over 130 patents to his credit dating back to 1923. He is a fellow of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers, and a senior member of the Institute of Radio Engineers. He is a member of the Institution of Electrical Engineers, London, a registered professional engineer in Connecticut and Ohio, and a chartered electrical engineer in Great Britain.

The promotion of Robert E& Swift to the position of Assistant Manager of the Interference Control Field Service Department was announced early in December by Frederick S& Scarborough, Manager of Interference Control Field Service. The appointment was made in a move to expand the engineering services offered to the designers of electronic systems through assistance in electro-magnetic compatability problems. Between meetings he helps the president keep track of delegated matters. Since these duties fit neatly with those of the proposed presidential aide, one person, with adequate staff assistance, could fill both jobs. ##

<Since faculty see themselves as self-employed professionals rather than as employees, enthusiasm in a common enterprise is proportionate to the sense of ownership they have in it by virtue of sharing in the decisions that govern its course>.   
The faculty believes that broad autonomy is necessary to preserve its freedom in teaching and scholarship. The president expects faculty members to remember, in exercising their autonomy, that they share no collective responsibility for the university's income nor are they personally accountable for top-level decisions. He may welcome their appropriate participation in the determination of high policy, but he has a right to expect, in return, that they will leave administrative matters to the administration.   
How well do faculty members govern themselves? There is little evidence that they are giving any systematic thought to a general theory of the optimum scope and nature of their part in government. They sometimes pay more attention to their rights than to their own internal problems of government. They, too, need to learn to delegate. Letting the administration take details off their hands would give them more time to inform themselves about education as a whole, an area that would benefit by more faculty attention.   
Although faculties insist on governing themselves, they grant little prestige to a member who actively participates in college or university government. There are, nevertheless, several things that the president can do to stimulate participation and to enhance the prestige of those who are willing to exercise their privilege. He can, for example, present significant university-wide issues to the senate. He can encourage quality in faculty committee work in various ways: by seeing to it that the membership of each committee represents the thoughtful as well as the action-oriented faculty; by making certain that no faculty member has too many committee assignments; by assuring good liaison between the committees and the administration; by minimizing the number of committees.   
Despite the many avenues for the exchange of ideas between faculty and administration, complaints of a lack of communication persist. The cause is as often neglect as hesitance to disclose. A busy president, conversant with a problem and its ramifications and beset by pressures to meet deadlines, tends naturally to assume that others must be as familiar with a problem as he is. The need for interchange and understanding makes vital the full use of all methods of consultation.   
To increase faculty influence and decrease tension, many presidents have established a standing advisory committee with which they can discuss problems frankly.   
The president has little influence in day-by-day curricular changes, but if he looks ahead two, three, or five years to anticipate issues and throw out challenging ideas, he can open the way for innovation, and he can also have a great deal to say as to what path it will take. Success will require tact, sensitivity to faculty prerogatives, patience, and persistence. ##

<The critical task for every president and his academic administrative staff is to assure that the college or university continually rebuilds and regenerates itself so that its performance will match changing social demands **h great professors do not automatically reproduce themselves>.   
Deans can form an important bridge between the president and the faculty. They serve not only as spokesmen for their areas, but they also contribute to top-level decision making. The president who appoints strong men who have an all-college or university point of view and a talent and respect for administration can count on useful assistance.   
Faculty members depend on their department chairmen to promote their interests with the administration. The administration at the same time, looks to the chairmen for strategic aid in building stronger departments. One way that this can be done, other than by hiring new high-priced professors, is by constantly encouraging the department members to raise their standards of performance.   
The quality of a president's leadership is measured first by his success in building up the faculty. By supporting the efforts of the many faculty members who are working to attain ever higher standards, the president can encourage faculty leadership. Indirectly he can best help them by insuring that rigorous criteria for appointment and promotion are clearly set forth and adhered to.

The academic dean should take a direct, long-term interest in faculty development. An alert dean will confer all through the year on personnel needs, plans for the future, qualifications of those on the job, and bright prospects elsewhere.   
For the maintenance of a long-term program, the departments, and particularly their chairmen, are strategic. They evaluate and nominate candidates for appointment and promotion. To provide an independent judgment for the president, the academic dean also investigates candidates thoroughly.   
At some colleges and universities, a faculty committee reviews and reports to the administration on the qualifications of candidates. Some faculty members and many administrators oppose faculty review groups because they either repeat department's actions or act <pro forma>. They can be effective, however, if their members set high standards for candidates and devote substantial time to the work. At one university, the president cites the faculty review committee as "a valued partner of the administration in guarding and promoting the quality of the faculty".   
Before the president recommends a candidate to the trustees, the administration collects the views of colleagues in the same field of knowledge on campus and elsewhere. The president or dean reads some of his publications to form the truest possible evaluation of the quality of his mind. No good way to evaluate teaching ability has yet been discovered, although some institutions use inventory sheets for a list of criteria. To avoid passing over quiet, unaggressive teachers as well as to decide whether others merit promotion, review of the right of faculty members to promotion or salary increases should be made periodically whether or not they have been recommended for advancement by their departments.   
There are certain aspects of personnel development in which a president must involve himself directly. He should personally consider the potential of a faculty member proposed for tenure, to guard against the mistake of making this profoundly serious commitment turn solely upon the man's former achievements. No one can be as effective as the president in inspiring older men to welcome imaginative new teachers whose philosophy or approach to their specialties is quite different. In particular, the president may have to summon all his oratorical powers to persuade department members to accept an outstanding man above the normal salary scale. On those rare occasions when a faculty member on tenure is not meeting the standards of the institution, the president must also bear the ultimate burden of decision and action. ##

<A true university, like most successful marriages, is a unity of diversities **h Without forcing all components into a single pattern, the preparation of a master plan is an opportunity to consider interrelation of knowledge at its highest level, which a university- in contrast to a multiversity- should stand for>.   
Recently colleges and universities have begun to translate their educational philosophy into institution-wide goals. Each year a few more institutions are deciding such questions as: Shall we require a liberal education built around a humanities core for all undergraduates? Or shall we permit early specialization in scientific and technological subjects? In the first instance, adequate appropriate reading materials and library accommodations must be planned. In the second, more shops, laboratories, and staff will be required.

For the president, a master plan looking ahead five years (the maximum reach for sound forecasting), offers several practical advantages. Trustees, faculty, and administration can consider the consequences of decisions before they are made, instead of afterwards. Physical plant and equipment can be efficiently developed. Proposed new programs can be examined for appropriateness to goals and for present and future financial fitness. More than one president has found that a long-range plan helps him to attract major gifts. It inspires confidence in his institution's determination to establish goals and to achieve them.   
Before deciding where it is going, however, a college or university must know where it is. The first step is a comprehensive self study made by faculty, by outside consultants, or by a combination of the two. It should sternly appraise curricula, faculty, organization, buildings, faculty work loads, and potential for growth in stature and size.   
Implementation of the master plan will inevitably be uneven. Some departments will attack their new goals enthusiastically; others may drag their feet. Funds may be readily donated for some purposes but not others. A plan must therefore be brought up to date periodically, possibly with the assistance of a permanent planning officer.   
To provide the continuous flow of information basic to administrative decisions, a number of institutions have established offices of institutional research. Some offices have very broad responsibilities, touching on almost all aspects of a university's instructional program. Their duties include evaluation of the information collected and preparation of recommendations. More often, these offices are restricted to the gathering of empirical data. ## **h <the president's opportunity for influencing education reaches its highest point, as he decides which projects he will cut back, which he will advance by increased allowances or new fund-raising efforts>.

No matter how high the hopes and dreams of educators, budget making adjusts them to the cold realities of dollars and cents. When the budget goes to trustees for approval it is the president's budget, to which his faith and credit are committed; its principal features should be a product of his most considered judgment. He cannot, of course, examine each proposal from scratch. He reviews and shapes the work of others to mold a single joint product that will best promote the aims of the institution.   
Budgeting must be flexible to allow adaptation to the rapid changes in scientific and technological scholarship. Because scientific instruction and research involve increasingly large sums of money, an institution should choose its fields of prominence. Otherwise it will be headed for bankruptcy, at worst, and at best towards starvation of other less dramatic but socially and culturally indispensable branches of learning. In the national interest even the affluent universities must consider some division of labor among them to replace their present ambitions to keep up with the Joneses in all branches. ##

<Supporting activities- business management, public relations, fund-raising- offer presidents one of their best chances to buy freedom for attention to education **h Here the reasonable mastery of the elements of administration can do much to free a president for his primary role>.   
In the areas that do not relate directly to the educational program, expert subordinates will serve the college or university better than close presidential attention. The president should find strong subordinates and delegate the widest discretion to them. Higher education cannot compete with the salary scales of the business world, but an educational institution can offer many potent intangible attractions to members of the business community that will offset the differences in income.   
Just as the entire faculty should know the president's educational philosophy and objectives, so should non-academic officers. They will better understand the relationship of their activities to the academic program and they will be able to explain their actions to faculty in terms of mutual goals.   
A president is frequently besieged to serve in non-academic civic and governmental capacities, to make speeches to lay groups, and to make numerous ceremonial appearances on and off campus. Since he can neither accept nor reject them all, he must be governed by the time and energy available for his prime professional obligations. Declinations and substitutions are better received when he explains why his obligations to his institution preclude his acceptance.

By sharing the load of important speeches with his colleagues, the president can develop a cadre of able spokesmen who will help to create a public perception of the university as an institution, something more than the lengthened shadow of one man.

#1. INTRODUCTION#

IT HAS recently become practical to use the radio emission of the moon and planets as a new source of information about these bodies and their atmospheres. The results of present observations of the thermal radio emission of the moon are consistent with the very low thermal conductivity of the surface layer which was derived from the variation in the infrared emission during eclipses (e&g&, Garstung, 1958). When sufficiently accurate and complete measurements are available, it will be possible to set limits on the thermal and electrical characteristics of the surface and subsurface materials of the moon.   
Observations of the radio emission of a planet which has an extensive atmosphere will probe the atmosphere to a greater extent than those using shorter wave lengths and should in some cases give otherwise unobtainable information about the characteristics of the solid surface. Radio observations of Venus and Jupiter have already supplied unexpected experimental data on the physical conditions of these planets. The observed intensity of the radio emission of Venus is much higher than the expected thermal intensity, although the spectrum indicated by measurements at wave lengths near 3 ~cm and 1o ~cm is like that of a black body at about 6oo` ~K. This result suggests a very high temperature at the solid surface of the planet, although there is the possibility that the observed radiation may be a combination of both thermal and non-thermal components and that the observed spectrum is that of a black body merely by coincidence. For the case of Jupiter, the radio emission spectrum is definitely not like the spectrum of a black-body radiator, and it seems very likely that the radiation reaching the earth is a combination of thermal radiation from the atmosphere and non-thermal components.   
Of the remaining planets, only Mars and Saturn have been observed as radio sources, and not very much information is available. Mars has been observed twice at about 3-~cm wave length, and the intensity of the observed radiation is in reasonable agreement with the thermal radiation which might be predicted on the basis of the known temperature of Mars. The low intensity of the radiation from Saturn has limited observations, but again the measured radiation seems to be consistent with a thermal origin. No attempts to measure the radio emission of the remaining planets have been reported, and, because of their distances, small diameters, or low temperatures, the thermal radiation at radio wave lengths reaching the earth from these sources is expected to be of very low intensity. In spite of this, the very large radio reflectors and improved amplifying techniques which are now becoming available should make it possible to observe the radio emission of most of the planets in a few years.   
The study of the radio emission of the moon and planets began with the detection of the thermal radiation of the moon at 1.25-~cm wave length by Dicke and Beringer (1946). This was followed by a comprehensive series of observations of the 1.25-~cm emission of the moon over three lunar cycles by Piddington and Minnett (1949). They deduced from their measurements that the radio emission from the whole disk of the moon varied during a lunation in a roughly sinusoidal fashion; that the amplitude of the variation was considerably less than the amplitude of the variation in the infrared emission as measured by Pettit and Nicholson (1930) and Pettit (1935); and that the maximum of the radio emission came about 3-1/2 days after Full Moon, which is again in contrast to the infrared emission, which reaches its maximum at Full Moon. Piddington and Minnett explained their observations by pointing out that rocklike materials which are likely to make up the surface of the moon would be partially transparent to radio waves, although opaque to infrared radiation. The infrared emission could then be assumed to originate at the surface of the moon, while the radio emission originates at some depth beneath the surface, where the temperature variation due to solar radiation is reduced in amplitude and shifted in phase. Since the absorption of radio waves in rocklike material varies with wave length, it should be possible to sample the temperature variation at different depths beneath the surface and possibly detect changes in the structure or composition of the lunar surface material.   
The radio emission of a planet was first detected in 1955, when Burke and Franklin (1955) identified the origin of interference-like radio noise on their records at about 15 meters wave length as emission from Jupiter. This sporadic type of planetary radiation is discussed by Burke (chap& 13) and Gallet (chap& 14). Steady radiation which was presumably of thermal origin was observed from Venus at 3.15 and 9.4 ~cm, and from Mars and Jupiter at 3.15 ~cm in 1956 (Mayer, McCullough, and Sloanaker, 1958<a, b, c>), and from Saturn at 3.75 ~cm in 1957 (Drake and Ewen, 1958). In the relatively short time since these early observations, Venus has been observed at additional wave lengths in the range from 0.8 to 10.2 ~cm, and Jupiter has been observed over the wave-length range from 3.03 to 68 ~cm.   
The observable characteristics of planetary radio radiation are the intensity, the polarization, and the direction of arrival of the waves. The maximum angular diameter of any planetary disk as observed from the earth is about 1 minute of arc. This is much smaller than the highest resolution of even the very large reflectors now under construction, and consequently the radio emission of different regions of the disk cannot be resolved. It should be possible, however, to put useful limits on the diameters of the radio sources by observing with large reflectors or with interferometers. Measurements of polarization are presently limited by apparatus sensitivity and will remain difficult because of the low intensity of the planetary radiation at the earth. There have been few measurements specifically for the determination of the polarization of planetary radiation. The measurements made with the ~NRL 50-foot reflector, which is altitude-azimuth-mounted, would have shown a systematic change with local hour angle in the measured intensities of Venus and Jupiter if a substantial part of the radiation had been linearly polarized. Recent interferometer measurements (Radhakrishnan and Roberts, 1960) have shown the 960-~Mc emission of Jupiter to be partially polarized and to originate in a region of larger diameter than the visible disk. Other than this very significant result, most of the information now available about the radio emission of the planets is restricted to the intensity of the radiation.   
The concept of apparent black-body temperature is used to describe the radiation received from the moon and the planets. The received radiation is compared with the radiation from a hypothetical black body which subtends the same solid angle as the visible disk of the planet. The <apparent black-body disk temperature> is the temperature which must be assumed for the black body in order that the intensity of its radiation should equal that of the observed radiation. The use of this concept does not specify the origin of the radiation, and only if the planet really radiates as a black body, will the apparent black-body temperature correspond to the physical temperature of the emitting material.   
The radio radiation of the sun which is reflected from the moon and planets should be negligible compared with their thermal emission at centimeter wave lengths, except possibly at times of exceptional outbursts of solar radio noise. The quiescent level of centimeter wave-length solar radiation would increase the average disk brightness temperature by less than 1` ~K. At meter wave lengths and increase of the order of 10` ~K in the average disk temperatures of the nearer planets would be expected. Therefore, neglecting the extreme outbursts, reflected solar radiation is not expected to cause sizable errors in the measurements of planetary radiation in the centimeter- and decimeter-wave-length range.

As can be seen from Figure 2, an extensive area was covered by this aerosol. The maximum distance sampled was 23 miles from the source. As can be seen from these dosage isopleths, approximately 100 square miles was covered within the area sampled. It is quite likely that an even greater area was covered, particularly downwind. The dosages in the three levels of the vertical profile were: **f   This was not, of course, enough sampling to give a satisfactory description of the vertical diffusion of the aerosol.   
A number of unique medical problems might be created when man is exposed to an infectious agent through the respiratory route rather than by the natural portal of entry. Some agents have been shown to be much more toxic or infectious to experimental animals when exposed to aerosols of optimum particle size than by the natural portal. Botulinal toxin, for example, is several thousand-fold more toxic by this route than when given per os. In some instances a different clinical disease picture may result from this route of exposure, making diagnosis difficult. In tularemia produced by aerosol exposure, one would not expect to find the classical ulcer of "rabbit fever" on a finger.   
An enemy would obviously choose an agent that is believed to be highly infectious. Agents that are known to cause frequent infections among laboratory workers such as those causing ~Q fever, tularemia, brucellosis, glanders, coccidioidomycosis, etc&, belong in this category.   
An agent would likely be selected which would possess sufficient viability and virulence stability to meet realistic minimal logistic requirements. It is, obviously, a proper goal of research to improve on this property. In this connection it should be capable of being disseminated without excessive destruction. Moreover, it should not be so fastidious in its growth requirements as to make production on a militarily significant scale improbable.   
An aggressor would use an agent against which there was a minimal naturally acquired or artificially induced immunity in a target population. A solid immunity is the one effective circumstance whereby attack by a specific agent can be neutralized. It must be remembered, however, that there are many agents for which there is no solid immunity and a partial or low-grade immunity may be broken by an appropriate dose of agent.   
There is a broad spectrum of organisms from which selection for a specified military purpose might be made. An enemy might choose an acutely debilitating microorganism, a chronic disease producer or one causing a high rate of lethality.

It is possible that certain mutational forms may be produced such as antibiotic resistant strains. Mutants may also be developed with changes in biochemical properties that are of importance in identification. All of these considerations are of critical importance in considering defense and medical management.   
Biological agents are, of course, highly host-specific. They do not destroy physical structures as is true of high explosives. This may be of overriding importance in considering military objectives.   
The question of epidemic disease merits some discussion. Only a limited effort has been devoted to this problem. Some of those who question the value of ~BW have assumed that the <only> potential would be in the establishment of epidemics. They then point out that with our present lack of knowledge of all the factors concerned in the rise and fall of epidemics, it is unlikely that a planned episode could be initiated. They argue further (and somewhat contradictorily) that our knowledge and resources in preventive medicine would make it possible to control such an outbreak of disease. this is why this approach to ~BW defense has not been given major attention.   
Our major problem is what an enemy might accomplish in an initial attack on a target. This, of course, does not eliminate from consideration for this purpose agents that are associated naturally with epidemic disease. A hypothetical example will illustrate this point. Let us assume that it would be possible for an enemy to create an aerosol of the causative agent of epidemic typhus (<Rickettsia prowazwki>) over City ~A and that a large number of cases of typhus fever resulted therefrom. No epidemic was initiated nor was one expected because the population in City ~A was not lousy. Lousiness is a prerequisite for epidemic typhus. In this case, then, the military objective was accomplished with an epidemic agent solely through the results secured in the initial attack. This was done with full knowledge that there would be no epidemic. On the other hand, a similar attack might have been made on City ~B whose population was known to be lousy. One might expect some spread of the disease in this case resulting in increased effectiveness of the attack.   
The major defensive problems are concerned with the possibility of overt military delivery of biological agents from appropriate disseminating devices. It should be no more difficult to deliver such devices than other weapons. The same delivery vehicles- whether they be airplanes, submarines or guided missiles- should be usable. If it is possible for an enemy to put an atomic bomb on a city, it should be equally possible to put a cloud of biological agent over that city.   
Biological agents are, moreover, suitable for delivery through enemy sabotage which imposes many problems in defense. A few obvious target areas of great importance might be mentioned. The air conditioning and ventilating systems of large buildings are subject to attack. America is rapidly becoming a nation that uses processed, precooked and even predigested foods. This is an enormous industry that is subject to sabotage. One must include the preparation of soft drinks and the processing of milk and milk products. Huge industries are involved also in the production of biological products, drugs and cosmetics which are liable to this type of attack.

A variety of techniques have been directed toward the isolation and study of blood group antibodies. These include low-temperature ethanol (Cohn) fractionation, electrophoresis, ultracentrifugation and column chromatography on ion exchange celluloses. Modifications of the last technique have been applied by several groups of investigators. Abelson and Rawson, using a stepwise elution scheme, fractionated whole sera containing ~ABO and ~Rh antibodies on diethylaminoethyl ~DEAE cellulose and carboxymethyl cellulose. Speer and coworkers, in a similar study of blood group antibodies of whole sera, used a series of gradients for elution from ~DEAE-cellulose. Fahey and Morrison used a single, continuous gradient at constant ~pH for the fractionation of anti-~A and anti-~B agglutinins from preisolated ~|g-globulin samples.   
In the present work whole sera have been fractionated by chromatography on ~DEAE-cellulose using single gradients similar to those described by Sober and Peterson, and certain chemical and serological properties of the fractions containing antibodies of the ~ABO and ~Rh systems have been described.

#MATERIALS AND METHODS#

_SAMPLES._ Serum samples were obtained from normal group ~A, group ~B and group ~O donors. Three of the anti-~Rh sera used were taken from recently sensitized individuals. One contained complete antibody and had a titer of 1:512 in saline. The second contained incomplete antibody and showed titers of 1:256 in albumin and 1:2048 by the indirect Coombs test. The third, containing the mixed type of complete and incomplete antibodies, had titers of 1:256 in saline, 1:512 in albumin and 1:1024 by the indirect Coombs test. In addition one serum was obtained from a donor (R& E&) who had been sensitized 6 years previously. This serum exhibited titers of 1:16 in albumin and 1:256 by the indirect Coombs test. These antibody titers were determined by reaction with homozygous **f red cells. _SEROLOGICAL TECHNIQUE._ Anti-~A and anti-~B activities were determined in fractions from the sera of group ~A, group ~B or group ~O donors by the following tube agglutination methods. One drop of each sample was added to one drop of a 2% suspension of group **f or group ~B red cells in a small **f test tube. In several instances group ~O cells were also used as controls. The red cells were used within 2 days after donation and were washed with large amounts of saline before use. The mixtures of sample plus cell suspension were allowed to stand at room temperature for 1 ~hr. the tubes were then centrifuged at 1000 ~rpm for 1 ~min and examined macroscopically for agglutination. For the albumin method, equal volumes of 30% bovine albumin, sample and 2% cells suspended in saline were allowed to stand at room temperature for 1 ~hr and then were centrifuged at 1000 ~rpm for 1 ~min. All samples were tested by both the saline and albumin methods. The activities of fractions of sera containing ~Rh antibodies were tested by the saline, albumin and indirect Coombs techniques. Homozygous and heterozygous **f cells, **f and homozygous and heterozygous **f cells were used to test each sample; however, in the interest of clarity and conciseness only the results obtained with homozygous **f and homozygous **f cells will be presented here. The saline and albumin tests were performed as described for the ~ABO samples except that the mixture was incubated for 1 ~hr at 37`~C before centrifugation. The saline tubes were saved and used for the indirect Coombs test in the following manner. The cells were washed three times with saline, anti-human serum was added, the cells were resuspended, and the mixture was centrifuged at 1000 ~rpm for 1 ~min and examined for agglutination. The anti-human sera used were prepared by injecting whole human serum into rabbits. Those antisera shown by immunoelectrophoresis to be of the "broad spectrum" type were selected for used in the present study.   
The red cells for the ~Rh antibody tests were used within 3 days after drawing except for the **f cells, which had been glycerolized and stored at -20`~C for approximately 1 year. These cells were thawed at 37`~C for 30 ~min and were deglycerolized by alternately centrifuging and mixing with descending concentrations of glycerol solutions (20, 18, 10, 8, 4 and 2%). The cells were then washed three times with saline and resuspended to 2% in saline. _CHROMATOGRAPHY._ Blood samples were allowed to clot at room temperature for 3 ~hr, centrifuged and the serum was removed. The serum was measured volumetrically and subsequently dialyzed in the cold for at least 24 ~hr against three to four changes, approximately 750 ~ml each, of "starting buffer". This buffer, ~pH 8.6, was 0.005 ~M in **f and 0.039 ~M in tris(hydroxymethyl)-aminomethane (Tris). After dialysis the sample was centrifuged and the supernatant placed on a **f ~cm column of ~EEAE-cellulose equilibrated with starting buffer. The ~DEAE-cellulose, containing 0.78 ~mEq of ~N/g, was prepared in our laboratory by the method of Peterson and Sober (7) from powdered cellulose, 100-230 mesh. The small amount of insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis was suspended in approximately 5 ~ml of starting buffer, centrifuged, resuspended in 2.5 ~ml of isotonic saline and tested for antibody activity.   
The chromatography was done at 6`~C using gradient elution, essentially according to Sober and Peterson. The deep concave gradient employed (fig& 2) was obtained with a nine-chambered gradient elution device ("Varigrad", reference (8)) and has been described elsewhere. the other, a shallow concave gradient (Fig& 1), was produced with a so-called "cone-sphere" apparatus, the "cone" being a 2-liter Erlenmeyer flask and the "sphere," a 2-liter round-bottom flask. Each initially contained 1700 ~ml of buffer; in the sphere was starting buffer and in the cone was final buffer, 0.50 ~M in both **f and Tris, ~pH 4.1.

A flow rate of 72 **f was used and 12 ~ml fractions were collected. Approximately 165 fractions were obtained from each column. These were read at 280 ~m|m in a Beckman model ~DU spectrophotometer and tested for antibody activity as described above. _PAPER ELECTROPHORESIS._ For protein identification, fractions from the column were concentrated by pervaporation against a stream of air at 5`~C or by negative pressure dialysis in an apparatus which permitted simultaneous concentration of the protein and dialysis against isotonic saline. During the latter procedure the temperature was maintained at 2`~C by surrounding the apparatus with ice. Because negative pressure dialysis gave better recovery of proteins, permitted detection of proteins concentrated from very dilute solutions and was a gentler procedure, it was used in all but the earliest experiments.   
Paper electrophoresis was carried out on the concentrated samples in a Spinco model ~R cell using barbital buffer, ~pH 8.6, ionic strength 0.075, at room temperature on Whatman ~3MM filter paper. Five milliamperes/cell were applied for 18 ~hr, after which the strips were stained with bromphenol blue and densitometry was carried out using a Spinco Analytrol.   
When paper electrophoresis was to be used for preparation, eight strips of a whole serum sample or a chromatographic fraction concentrated by negative pressure dialysis were run/chamber under the conditions described above. At the end of the run, the strips in the third and sixth positions in each chamber were dried, stained for 1 ~hr, washed and dried, while the other strips were maintained in a horizontal position at 1`~C. The unstained strips were then marked, using the stained ones as a guide, and cut transversely so as to separate the various protein bands. The strip sections containing a given protein were pooled, eluted with 0.5 ~ml of isotonic saline, and the eluates were tested for antibody activity. _ULTRACENTRIFUGATION._ Fractions from the column which were to be subjected to analytical ultracentrifugation were concentrated by negative pressure dialysis and dialyzed for 16 ~hr in the cold against at least 500 volumes of phosphate-buffered saline, ~pH 7.2, ionic strength 0.154. They were then centrifuged at 59,780 ~rpm for 35 to 80 ~min at 20`~C in a Spinco model ~E ultracentrifuge at a protein concentration of 1.00 to 1.25%. Sedimentation coefficients were computed as **f values and relative amounts of the various components were calculated from the Schlieren patterns.   
For preparative ultracentrifugation, fractions from the column were concentrated by negative pressure dialysis to volumes of 1 ~ml or less, transferred to cellulose tubes and diluted to 12 ~ml with isotonic saline. Ultracentrifugation was then carried out in a Spinco model ~L ultracentrifuge at 40,000 ~rpm for 125 to 150 ~min, refrigeration being used throughout the run. Successive 1-~ml fractions were then drawn off with a hypodermic syringe, starting at the top of the tube, and tested for agglutinin activity.   
Other methods will be described below.

#EXPERIMENTAL AND RESULTS#

The insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis against starting buffer always showed intense agglutinin activity, regardless of the blood group of the donor. With either of the gradients described, chromatography on ~DEAE-cellulose separated agglutinins of the ~ABO series into at least three regions (Figs& 1 and 2): one of extremely low anionic binding capacity, one of low anionic binding capacity and one of high anionic binding capacity. These have been labeled Regions 1, 2, and 4, respectively, in Fig& 1. When the early part of the gradient was flattened, either by using the gradient shown in Fig& 2 or by allowing the "cone-sphere" gradient to become established more slowly, Region 2 activity could sometimes be separated into two areas (donors P& J& and R& S&, Fig& 1 and E& M&, Fig& 2). The latter procedure gave rise to a small active protein peak (Region 1a) between Regions 1 and 2. In 2 of 15 experiments on whole serum a region of agglutinin activity with intermediate anionic binding capacity was detected (Region 3, Fig& 1). Moreover, after concentration using negative pressure dialysis, agglutinin activity could sometimes be detected in the region designated 2a (donors P& J&, D& A&, and J& F&, Fig& 1).   
Not all these regions exhibited equal agglutinating activity, as evidenced by titer and the extent of the active areas. In all cases, most of the activity lay in the region of high anionic binding capacity. This was particularly noticeable in group ~A and group ~B sera, in which cases activity in Regions 1 and 2 was usually not detectable without prior concentration and occasionally could not be detected at all. There appeared to be no difference in the distribution of anti-~A and anti-~B activity in group ~O serum, though in two group ~O donors (J& F& and E& M&) only one type of agglutinin was found in the regions of low anionic binding capacity (Figs& 1 and 2).   
Several samples of citrated plasma were fractionated in our laboratory by Method 6 of Cohn <et al>&. These fractions were tested for ~ABO agglutinin activity, using fractions from group ~AB plasma as a control. As expected, most of the activity was found in Fraction **f, with slight activity seen in Fraction /4,-1. A sample of Fraction **f from group ~O plasma was dissolved in starting buffer, dialyzed against this buffer and subjected to chromatography using the gradient shown in Fig& 2. Once again, both anti-~A and anti-~B activities were found in the insoluble material precipitated during dialysis. Similarly, both types of antibodies were found in three regions of the chromatographic eluate, having extremely low, low, and high anionic binding capacity, respectively (Fig& 3).   
Chromatography of whole sera revealed that the areas of ~Rh antibody activity were generally continuous and wide. The incomplete antibody activity appeared in the early part of the chromatogram; the complete, in the latter part. The serum containing the mixed type of complete and incomplete antibodies showed activity in both regions (Fig& 1). In all cases the activity against **f cells was spread over a wider area than that with **f cells, regardless of the type of test (saline, albumin, indirect Coombs) used for comparison. The insoluble material resulting from dialysis against starting buffer always showed strong activity. In fact agglutination of **f cells in saline could be produced by the insoluble material from sera containing "only" incomplete antibody activity. This was later known to be the result of concentrating the minute amount of complete antibody found in these sera; when the insoluble fraction was suspended in a volume of saline equal to that of the original serum sample, no complete antibody activity could be detected.

Apart from the honeybee, practically all bees and bumblebees hibernate in a state of torpor. Occasionally, you may come across one or two bumblebees in the cold season, when you are turning over sods in your garden, but you have to be a really keen observer to see them at all. They keep their wings and feet pressed tightly against their bodies, and in spite of their often colorful attire you may very well mistake them for lumps of dirt. I must add at once that these animals are what we call "queens", young females that have mated in the previous summer or autumn. It is on them alone that the future of their race depends, for all their relatives (mothers, husbands, brothers, and unmated sisters) have perished with the arrival of the cold weather. Even some of the queens will die before the winter is over, falling prey to enemies or disease. The survivors emerge on some nice, sunny day in March or April, when the temperature is close to 50` ~F and there is not too much wind. Now the thing for us to do is to find ourselves a couple of those wonderful flowering currants such as the red <Ribes sanguineum> of our Pacific Northwest, or otherwise a good sloe tree, or perhaps some nice pussy willow in bloom, preferably one with male or staminate catkins. The blooms of <Ribes> and of the willow and sloe are the places where large numbers of our early insects will assemble: honeybees, bumblebees, and other wild bees, and also various kinds of flies. It is a happy, buzzing crowd.   
Each male willow catkin is composed of a large number of small flowers. It is not difficult to see that the stamens of the catkin are always arranged in pairs, and that each individual flower is nothing but one such pair standing on a green, black-tipped little scale. By scrutinizing the flowers, one can also notice that the scale bears one or two tiny warts. Those are the nectaries or honey glands (Fig& 26, page 74). The staminate willow catkins, then, provide their visitors with both nectar and pollen; a marvelous arrangement, for it provides exactly what the bee queens need to make their beebread, a combination of honey and pollen with which the young of all species are fed. The only exception to this is certain bees that have become parasites. I will deal with these later on.   
Quite often, honeybees form a majority on the willow catkins. As we have already seen in the first chapter, bumblebees are bigger, hairier, and much more colorful than honeybees, exhibiting various combinations of black, yellow, white and orange. Let us not try to key them out at this stage of the game, and let us just call them <Bombus>; there must be several dozen species in the United States alone. If you really insist on knowing their names, an excellent book on the North American species is <Bumblebees and Their Ways> by O& E& Plath.   
If we manage to keep track of a <Bombus> queen after she has left her feeding place, we may discover the snug little hideout which she has fixed up for herself when she woke up from her winter sleep. As befits a queen, a bumblebee female is rather choosy and may spend considerable time searching for a suitable nesting place. Most species seem to prefer a ready-made hollow such as a deserted mouse nest, a bird house, or the hole made by a woodpecker; some show a definite liking for making their nest in moss. Once she has made up her mind, the queen starts out by constructing, in her chosen abode, a small "floor" of dried grass or some woolly material. On this, she builds an "egg compartment" or "egg cell" which is filled with that famous pollen-and-nectar mixture called beebread. She also builds one or two waxen cups which she fills with honey. Then, a group of eggs is deposited in a cavity in the beebread loaf and the egg compartment is closed. The queen afterward keeps incubating and guarding her eggs like a mother hen, taking a sip from time to time from the rather liquid honey in her honey pots. When the larvae hatch, they feed on the beebread, although they also receive extra honey meals from their mother. She continues to add to the pollen supply as needed.   
The larvae, kept warm by the queen, are full grown in about ten days. Each now makes a tough, papery cocoon and pupates. After another two weeks, the first young emerge, four to eight small daughters that begin to play the role of worker bees, collecting pollen and nectar in the field and caring for the new young generation while the queen retires to a life of egg laying. The first worker bees do not mate or lay eggs; males and mating females do not emerge until later in the season. The broods of workers that appear later tend to be bigger than the first ones, probably because they are better fed. By the middle of the summer, many of the larvae apparently receive such a good diet that it is "optimal", and it is then that young queens begin to appear. Simultaneously, males or drones are produced, mostly from the unfertilized eggs of workers, although a few may be produced by the queen. The young queens and drones leave the nest and mate, and after a short period of freedom, the fertilized young queens will begin to dig in for the winter. It is an amazing fact that in some species this will happen while the summer is still in full swing, for instance, in August. The temperature then is still very high. At the old nest, the queen will in the early fall cease to lay the fertilized eggs that will produce females. As a result, the proportion of males (which leave the nest) increases, and eventually the old colony will die out completely. The nest itself, the structure that in some cases housed about 2,000 individuals when the season was at its peak, is now rapidly destroyed by the scavenging larvae of certain beetles and moths.   
Not always, though, does the development of a bumblebee colony take place in the smooth fashion we have just described. Some members of the bee family have become idlers, social parasites that live at the expense of their hardworking relatives. Bumblebees can thus suffer severely from the onslaughts of <Psithyrus>, the "cuckoo-bumblebee" as it is called in some European countries. Female individuals of <Psithyrus> look deceptively like the workers and queens of the bumblebees they victimize. The one sure way to tell victim and villain apart is to examine the hind legs which in the case of the idler, <Psithyrus>, lack the pollen baskets- naturally! The female parasite spends much time in her efforts to find a nest of her host. When she succeeds, she usually manages to slip in unobtrusively, to deposit an egg on a completed loaf of beebread before the bumblebees seal the egg compartment. The hosts never seem to recognize that something is amiss, so that the compartment afterward is sealed normally. Thus, the larvae of the intruder can develop at the expense of the rightful inhabitants and the store of beebread. Later on, they and the mother <Psithyrus> are fed by the <Bombus> workers. Worse still, in a number of cases it has been claimed that the <Psithyrus> female kills off the <Bombus> queen.   
But let us return, after this gruesome interlude, to our willow catkins in the spring; there are other wild bees that command our attention.   
It is almost certain that some of these, usually a trifle smaller than the honeybees, are andrenas or mining bees. There are about 200 different kinds of <Andrena> in Europe alone. One of my favorites is <A& armata>, a species very common in England, where it is sometimes referred to as the lawn bee. The females like to burrow in the short turf of well-kept lawns, where their little mounds of earth often appear by the hundreds. Almost equal in size to a honeybee. <A& armata> is much more beautiful in color, at least in the female of the species: a rich, velvety, rusty red. The males are much duller.

After having mated, an <Andrena> female digs a hole straight down into the ground, forming a burrow about the size of a lead pencil. The bottom part of a burrow has a number of side tunnels or "cells", each of which is provided with an egg plus a store of beebread. The development of the <Andrena> larvae is very rapid, so that by the end of spring they have already pupated and become adults. But they are still enclosed in their larval cells and remain there throughout the summer, fall, and winter. Their appearance, next spring, coincides in an almost uncanny way with the flowering of their host plants. In the Sacramento valley in California, for instance, it has been observed that there was not one day's difference between the emergence of the andrenas and the opening of the willow catkins. This must be due to a completely identical response to the weather, in the plant and the animal.   
After the male and female andrenas have mated, the cycle is repeated. Although <Andrena> is gregarious, so that we may find hundreds and hundreds of burrows together, we must still call it a solitary bee. Its life history is much simpler than that of the truly colonial bumblebees and can serve as an example of the life cycle of many other species. After all, social life in the group of the bees is by no means general, although it certainly is a striking feature. On the basis of its life history, we like to think that <Andrena> is more primitive than the bumblebees. The way in which it transports its pollen is not so perfect, either. It lacks pollen baskets and possesses only a large number of long, branched hairs on its legs, on which the pollen grains will collect. Still <Andrena> will do a reasonably good job, so that an animal with a full pollen load looks like a gay little piece of yellow down floating in the wind.

Closely related to the andrenas are the nomias or alkali bees. <Nomia melanderi> can be found in tremendous numbers in certain parts of the United States west of the Great Plains, for example, in Utah and central Washington. In the United States Department of Agriculture's <Yearbook of Agriculture, 1952>, which is devoted entirely to insects, George E& Bohart mentions a site in Utah which was estimated to contain 200,000 nesting females. Often the burrows are only an inch or two apart, and the bee cities cover several acres. The life history of the alkali bee is similar to that of <Andrena>, but the first activity of the adults does not take place until summer, and the individuals hibernate in the prepupal stage. In most places, there are two generations a year, a second brood of adults appearing late in the summer.   
I must plead guilty to a special sympathy for nomias. This may just be pride in my adopted State of Washington, but certainly I love to visit their mound cities near Yakima and Prosser in July or August, when the bees are in their most active period. The name "alkali bee" indicates that one has to look for them in rather inhospitable places. Sometimes, although by no means always, these are indeed alkaline. The thing is that these bees love a fine-grained soil that is moist; yet the water in the ground should not be stagnant either. They dislike dense vegetation. Where does one find such conditions? The best chance, of course, is offered by gently sloping terrain where the water remains close to the surface and where the air is dry, so that a high evaporation leaves salty deposits which permit only sparse plant growth. Many other (probably nearly all) snakes at maturity are already more than half their final length. Laurence M& Klauber put length at maturity at two thirds the ultimate length for some rattlesnakes, and Charles C& Carpenter's data on Michigan garter and ribbon snakes (<Thamnophis>) show that the smallest gravid females are more than half as long as the biggest adults. Felix Kopstein states that "when the snake reaches its maturity it has already reached about its maximal length", but goes on to cite the reticulate python as an exception, with maximum length approximately three times that at maturity. It is hard to understand how he concluded that most snakes do not grow appreciably after attaining maturity; he was working with species of Java, so perhaps some tropical snakes are unusual in this respect. Certain individual giants recorded later did fail to show a reasonable difference after maturity, but it is impossible to know whether this is due to captive conditions. Additional records of slow growth have been omitted.   
It is possible to make a few generalizations about the six giants themselves. There seems to be a rough correlation between the initial and ultimate lengths, starting with the smallest (boa constrictor) and ending with the largest (anaconda). Data on the former are scanty, but there can be little doubt that the latter is sometimes born at a length greater than that of any of the others, thereby lending support to the belief that the anaconda does, indeed, attain the greatest length. For four of the six (the anaconda and the amethystine python cannot be included for lack of data) there is also a correlation between size at maturity and maximum length, the boa constrictor being the smallest and the Indian python the next in size at the former stage.   
Let us speculate a little on the maximum size of the anaconda. If, in a certain part of the range, it starts life 1 foot longer than do any of the other (relatively large) giants, and reaches maturity at, let us guess, 18 inches longer than the others, a quadrupling of the maturity length would result in a maximum of (nearly) 40 feet.   
When it comes to rate of early growth, the Indian python leads with a figure of about 3 feet 6 inches per year for the first two years, more or less. The African rock python, a close second, is followed in turn by the reticulate python. There are few data on the boa constrictor, those for the anaconda are unconvincing, and there is nothing at all on the amethystine python. It seems likely that the Indian python comes out ahead because records of its growth have been made more carefully and frequently; it responds exceptionally well to captivity and does not reach proportions that make it hard to keep.   
I cannot make sense out of the figures for post maturity growth; at best the annual increase appears to be a matter of inches rather than feet. Until better records have been kept over longer periods of time and much more is known about the maximum dimensions, it will be wise to refrain from drawing conclusions.   
It is often stated that the largest snakes require five years to attain maturity, but this apparently is an overestimation. The best way to determine the correct figure (in captives) is by direct observation of pairs isolated from birth, a method that produced surprising results: maturing of a male Indian python in less than two years, his mate in less than three; data on the boa constrictor about match this.   
Another approach is to estimate from the rate of growth and the smallest size at maturity. Results from this approach amply confirm the direct observations: about three years are required, there being a possible slight difference between males and females in the time required. Only the amethystine python and the anaconda must be excluded for lack or paucity of data.   
The following information on snakes varying greatly in size (but all with less than a 10-foot maximum) shows, when considered with the foregoing, that there is probably no correlation between the length of a snake and the time required for it to mature. Oliver, in his summary of the habits of the snakes of the United States, could supply data on the maturing period for only three species in addition to the rattlers, which I shall consider separately. These three were much alike: lined snake (<Tropidoclonion>), one year and nine months; red-bellied snake (<Storeria>), two years; cottonmouth (<Ancistrodon>), two years. Klauber investigated the rattlesnakes carefully himself and also summarized what others have found. He concluded that in the southern species, which are rapidly growing types, females mate at the age of two and a half and bear the first young when they are three. Other herpetologists have ascertained that in the northern United States the prairie rattlesnake may not give first birth until it is four or even five years old, and that the young may be born every other year, rather than annually. Carpenter's study showed that female common garter and ribbon snakes of Michigan mature at about the age of two.

#MAXIMUM LENGTH#

Oversized monsters are never brought home either alive or preserved, and field measurements are obviously open to doubt because of the universal tendency to exaggerate dimensions. Measurements of skins are of little value; every snake hide is noticeably longer than its carcass and intentional stretching presents no difficulty to the unscrupulous explorer.   
In spite of all the pitfalls, there is a certain amount of agreement on some of the giants. The anaconda proves to be the fly in the ointment, but the reason for this is not clear; the relatively wild conditions still found in tropical South America might be responsible.

There are three levels on which to treat the subject. The first is the strictly scientific, which demands concrete proof and therefore may err on the conservative side by waiting for evidence in the flesh. This approach rejects virtually all field measurements. The next level attempts to weigh varied evidence and come to a balanced, sensible conclusion; field measurements by experienced explorers are not rejected, and even reports of a less scientific nature are duly evaluated. The third level leans on a belief that a lot of smoke means some fire. The argument against this last approach is comparable to that which rejects stories about hoop snakes, about snakes that break themselves into many pieces and join up again, or even of ghosts that chase people out of graveyards; the mere piling up of testimony does not prove, to the scientific mind, the existence of hoop snakes, joint snakes, or ghosts.   
Oliver has recently used the second-level approach with the largest snakes, and has come to these conclusions: the anaconda reaches a length of at least 37 feet, the reticulate python 33, the African rock python 25, the amethystine python at least 22, the Indian python 20, and the boa constrictor 18-1/2.   
Bernard Heuvelmans also treats of the largest snakes, but on the third level, and is chiefly concerned with the anaconda. He reasons that as anacondas 30 feet long are often found, some might be 38, and occasional "monstrous freaks" over 50. He rejects dimensions of 70 feet and more. His thirteenth chapter includes many exciting accounts of huge serpents with prodigious strength, but these seem to be given to complete his picture, not to be believed.   
Detailed information on record lengths of the giants is given in the section that follows.

#GROWTH OF THE SIX GIANTS#

Discussions of the giants one by one will include, as far as possible, data on these aspects of growth: size at which life is started and at which sexual maturity is reached; time required to reach maturity; rate of growth both before and after this crucial stage; and maximum length, with confirmation or amplification of Oliver's figures. Definite information on the growth of senile individuals is lacking. _ANACONDA:_ At birth, this species varies considerably in size. A brood of twenty-eight born at Brookfield Zoo, near Chicago, ranged in length from 22 to 33-1/2 inches and averaged 29 inches. Lawrence E& Griffin gives measurements of nineteen young anacondas, presumably members of a brood, from "South America"; the extreme measurements of these fall between the lower limit of the Brookfield brood and its average. Raymond L& Ditmars had two broods that averaged 27 inches. R& R& Mole and F& W& Urich give approximately 20 inches as the average length of a brood of thirty from the region of the Orinoco estuaries. William Beebe reports 26 inches and 2.4 ounces (this snake must have been emaciated) for the length and the weight of a young anaconda from British Guiana. In contrast, Ditmars recorded the average length of seventy-two young of a 19-foot female as 38 inches, and four young were born in London at a length of 35 or 36 inches and a weight of from 14 to 16 ounces. Beebe had a 3-foot anaconda that weighed only 9.8 ounces. A difference between subspecies might explain the great range in size.

I have little information on the anaconda's rate of growth. Hans Schweizer had one that increased from 19-1/2 inches to 5 feet 3 inches in five years, and J& J& Quelch records a growth of from less than 4 feet to nearly 10 in about six years. It is very unlikely that either of these anacondas was growing at a normal rate.   
In 1948, Afranio do Amaral, the noted Brazilian herpetologist, wrote a technical paper on the giant snakes. He concluded that the anaconda's maximum length is 12 or 13 (perhaps 14) meters, which would approximate from 39 to 42 feet (14 meters is slightly less that 46 feet). Thus, his estimate lies between Oliver's suggestion of at least 37 feet and the 50-foot "monstrous freaks" intimated by Heuvelmans.

The most convincing recent measurement of an anaconda was made in eastern Colombia by Roberto Lamon, a petroleum geologist of the Richmond Oil Company, and reported in 1944 by Emmett R& Dunn. However, as a field measurement, it is open to question. Oliver's 37-1/2 feet is partly based on this report and can be accepted as probable. However, many herpetologists remain skeptical and would prefer a tentative maximum of about 30 feet.   
It is possible that especially large anacondas will prove to belong to subspecies limited to a small area. In snakes difference in size is a common characteristic of subspecies. _BOA CONSTRICTOR:_ A Colombian female's brood of sixteen boa constrictors born in the Staten Island Zoo averaged 20 inches. This birth length seems to be typical. When some thirteen records of newly and recently born individuals are collated, little or no correlation between length and distribution can be detected. The range is from 14 to 25 inches; the former figure is based on a somewhat unusual birth of four by a Central American female (see chapter on Laying, Brooding, Hatching, and Birth), the latter on a "normal" newly born individual. However, as so many of the records are not certainly based on newborn snakes, these data must be taken tentatively; final conclusions will have to await the measurements of broods from definite localities.   
Alphonse R& Hoge's measurements of several very young specimens from Brazil suggest that at birth the female is slightly larger than the male.   
I have surprisingly little information on the size and age at maturity. Carl Kauffeld has written to me of sexual activity in February 1943 of young born in March 1940. One female, collected on an island off the coast of Nicaragua, was gravid and measured 4 feet 8 inches from <snout to vent> (her tail should be between 6 and 7 inches long). The female from Central America which gave birth to four was only 3 feet 11 inches long.

What data there are on growth indicate considerable variation in rate; unfortunately, no one has kept complete records of one individual, whereas many have been made for a very short period of time. The results are too varied to allow generalization. The bronchus and pulmonary artery in this lung type maintain a close relationship throughout. The pulmonary vein, however, without the limiting supportive tissue septa as in type /1,, follows a more direct path to the hilum and does not maintain this close relationship (figs& 8, 22). Another marked difference is noted here. The pulmonary artery, in addition to supplying the distal portion of the respiratory bronchiole, the alveolar duct, and the alveoli, continues on and directly supplies the thin pleura (fig& 8). The bronchial artery, except for a small number of short branches in the hilum, contributes none of the pleural blood supply. It does, as in type /1,, supply the hilar lymph nodes, the pulmonary artery, the pulmonary vein, the bronchi, and the bronchioles- terminating in a common capillary bed with the pulmonary artery at the level of the respiratory bronchiole. No bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses were noted in this group.   
Lung type /3, (fig& 3) is to some degree a composite of types /1, and /2,. It is characterized by the presence of incompletely developed secondary lobules; well defined, but haphazardly arranged, interlobular septa and a thick, remarkably vascular pleura (fig& 9). The most distal airways are similar to those found in type /1,, being composed of numerous, apparently true terminal bronchioles and occasional, poorly developed respiratory bronchioles (figs& 14, 15). In this instance, because of incomplete septation, the secondary lobule does not constitute in itself what appears to be a small individual lung as in type /1,. Air-drifts from one area to another are, therefore, conceivable. Distally the bronchus is situated between a pulmonary artery on one side and a pulmonary vein on the other, as in type /1, (fig& 24). This relationship, however, is not maintained centrally. Here the pulmonary vein, as in type /2,, is noted to draw away from the bronchus, and to follow a more direct, independent course to the hilum (figs& 23, 24). The bronchial artery in its course and distribution differs somewhat from that found in other mammals. As seen in types /1, and /2,, it supplies the hilar lymph nodes, vasa vasorum to the pulmonary artery and vein, the bronchi and the terminal bronchioles. As in type /1,, it provides arterial blood to the interlobular septa, and an extremely rich anastomotic pleural supply is seen (figs& 9, 10). This pleural supply is derived both from hilar and interlobular bronchial artery branches. Such a dual derivation was strikingly demonstrated during the injection process where initial filling would be noted to occur in several isolated pleural vessels at once. Some of these were obviously filling from interlobular branches of the bronchial arteries while others were filling from direct hilar branches following along the pleural surface. With completion of filling, net-like anastomoses were noted to be present between these separately derived branches. An unusual increase in the number of bronchial arteries present within the substance of the lung was noted. This was accounted for primarily by the presence of a bronchial artery closely following the pulmonary artery. The diameter of this bronchial artery was much too large for it to be a mere vasa vasorum (figs& 16, 23, 24). In distal regions its diameter would be one-fourth to one-fifth that of the pulmonary artery. This vessel could be followed to the parenchyma where it directly provided bronchial arterial blood to the alveolar capillary bed (figs& 17, 18). Also three other direct pathways of alveolar bronchial arterial supply were noted: via the pleura; through the interlobular septa; and along the terminal bronchiole (figs& 14, 17, 18, 19). One bronchial arteriolar-pulmonary arteriolar anastomosis was noted at the terminal bronchiolar level (fig& 26).

#DISCUSSION#

It is evident that many marked and striking differences exist between lungs when an inter-species comparison is made. The significance of these differences has not been studied nor has the existence of corresponding physiologic differences been determined. However, the dynamics of airflow, from morphologic considerations alone, may conceivably be different in the monkey than in the horse. The volume and, perhaps, even the characteristics of bronchial arterial blood flow might be different in the dog than in the horse. Also, interlobular air drifts may be all but nonexistent in the cow; probably occur in the horse much as in the human being; and, in contrast are present to a relatively immense degree on a segmental basis in the dog where lobules are absent (Van Allen and Lindskog, '31). A reason for such wide variation in the pulmonary morphology is entirely lacking at present.   
Within certain wide limits anatomy dictates function and, if one is permitted to speculate, potential pathology should be included in this statement as well. For example, the marked susceptibility of the monkey to respiratory infection might be related to its delicate, long alveolar ducts and short, large bronchioles situated within a parenchyma entirely lacking in protective supportive tissue barriers such as those found in types /1, and /3,. One might also wonder if monkeys are capable of developing bronchiolitis as we know it in man or the horse. In addition, it would be difficult to imagine chronic generalized emphysema occurring in a cow, considering its marked lobular development but, conversely, not difficult to imagine this occurring in the horse or the dog.   
Anatomically, the horse lung appears to be remarkably like that of man, insofar as this can be ascertained from comparison of our findings in the horse with those of others (Birnbaum, '54) in the human being. The only area in which one might find major disagreement in this matter is in regard to the alveolar distribution of the bronchial arteries. As early as 1858, Le Fort claimed an alveolar distribution of the bronchial arteries in human beings. In 1951, this was reaffirmed by Cudkowicz. The opposition to this point of view has its staunchest support in the work of Miller ('50). Apparently, however, Miller has relied heavily on the anatomy in dogs and cats, and he has been criticized for using pathologic human material in his normal study (Loosli, '38). Although Miller noted in 1907 that a difference in the pleural blood supply existed between animals, nowhere in his published works is it found that he did a comparative study of the intrapulmonary features of various mammalian lungs other than in the dog and cat (Miller, '13; '25).

The meaning of this variation in distribution of the bronchial artery as found in the horse is not clear. However, this artery is known to be a nutrient vessel with a distribution primarily to the proximal airways and supportive tissues of the lung. The alveoli and respiratory bronchioles are primarily diffusing tissues. Theoretically, they are capable of extracting their required oxygen either from the surrounding air (Ghoreyeb and Karsner, '13) or from pulmonary arterial blood (Comroe, '58). Therefore, an explanation of this alveolar bronchial artery supply might be the nutritive requirement of an increased amount of supportive tissue, not primarily diffusing in nature, in the region of the alveolus. If this be true, the possibility exists that an occlusive lesion of the bronchial arteries might cause widespread degeneration of supportive tissue similar to that seen in generalized emphysema. One would not expect such an event to occur in animals possessing lungs of types /1, or /2,.   
The presence of normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses was first noted in 1721 by Ruysch, and thereafter by many others. Nakamura ('58), Verloop ('48), Marchand, Gilroy and Watson ('50), von Hayek ('53), and Tobin ('52) have all claimed their normal but relatively nonfunctional existence in the human being. Miller ('50) is the principal antagonist of this viewpoint. In criticism of the latter's views, his conclusions were based upon dog lung injection studies in which all of the vascular channels were first filled with a solution under pressure and then were injected with various sized colored particles designed to stop at the arteriolar level. As early as 1913 Ghoreyeb and Karsner demonstrated with perfusion studies in dogs that bronchial artery flow would remain constant at a certain low level when pressure was maintained in the pulmonary artery and vein, but that increases in bronchial artery flow would occur in response to a relative drop in pulmonary artery pressure. Berry, Brailsford and Daly in 1931 and Nakamura in 1958 reaffirmed this. Our own studies in which bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses were demonstrated, were accomplished by injecting the bronchial artery first with no pressure on the pulmonary artery or vein, and then by injecting the pulmonary artery and vein afterwards. It is distinctly possible, therefore, that simultaneous pressures in all three vessels would have rendered the shunts inoperable and hence, uninjectable. This viewpoint is further supported by Verloop's ('48) demonstration of thickened bronchial artery and arteriolar muscular coats which are capable of acting as valves. In other words, the anastomoses between the bronchial artery and pulmonary artery should be considered as <functional> or <demand> shunts.   
In addition, little work has been done on a comparative basis in regard to the normal existence of bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses. Verloop ('48; '49) found these shunts in the human being but was unable to find them in rats. Ellis, Grindlay and Edwards ('52) also were unable to find them in rats. Nakamura ('58) was unable to demonstrate their existence, either by anatomic or physiologic methods, in dogs. The possibility that the absence or presence of these shunts is species-dependent is therefore inferred. Certainly, the mere fact of failing to demonstrate them in one or another species does not conclusively deny their existence in that species. It is, however, highly suggestive and agrees well with our own findings in which we also failed to demonstrate normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery shunts in certain species, especially the dog.   
In conclusion, these findings suggest the need for a comparative physiology, pathology, and histology of mammalian lungs. In addition, a detailed interspecies survey of the incidence of generalized pulmonary emphysema in mammals would be interesting and pertinent. Also, for the present, great caution should be exercised in the choice of an experimental animal for pulmonary studies if they are to be applied to man. This is especially so if the dog, cat or monkey are to be used, in view of their marked anatomical differences from man. Finally, it is suggested that in many respects the horse lung may be anatomically more comparable to that of the human than any other presently known species.

#SUMMARY#

The main subgross anatomical features of the lungs of various mammals are presented. A tabulation of these features permits the lungs to be grouped into three distinctive subgross types. Type /1, is represented by the cow, sheep, and pig; type /2,, by the dog, cat, and monkey; type /3,, by the horse. Lobularity is extremely well developed in type /1,; absent in type /2,; imperfectly developed in type /3,. The pleura and interlobular septa are thick in types /1, and /3,. The pleura is extremely thin in type /2, and septa are absent. Arterial supply to the pleura in types /1, and /3, is provided by the bronchial artery, and in type /2,, by the pulmonary artery. In types /1,, /2, and /3, the bronchial artery terminates in a capillary bed shared in common with the pulmonary artery at the level of the distal bronchiole. In type /3, the bronchial artery also provides blood directly to the alveolar capillary bed. True terminal bronchioles comprise the most frequent form taken by the distal airways in types /1, and /3,, although small numbers of poorly developed respiratory bronchioles are present. Well developed respiratory bronchioles, on the other hand, appear to be the only form taken by the distal airways in type /2,. In type /1, the pulmonary vein closely follows the course of the bronchus and the pulmonary artery from the periphery to the hilum. This maybe due to the heavy interlobular connective tissue barriers present. In type /3, this general relationship is maintained peripherally but not centrally where the pulmonary vein follows a more independent path to the hilum as is the case throughout the lung in type /2,.

Some of the features of the top portions of Figure 1 and Figure 2 were mentioned in discussing Table 1. First, the Onset Profile spreads across approximately 12 years for boys and 10 years for girls. In contrast, 20 of the 21 lines in the Completion Profile (excluding center 5 for boys and 4 for girls) are bunched and extend over a much shorter period, approximately 30 months for boys and 40 months for girls. The Maturity Chart for each sex demonstrates clearly that Onset is a phenomenon of infancy and early childhood whereas Completion is a phenomenon of the later portion of adolescence. Second, for both sexes, the 21 transverse lines in the Onset Profile vary more in individual spread than those in the Completion Profile. Although the standard deviation values on which spread of the lines are based are <relatively> larger for those centers which begin to ossify early (Table 1), there are considerable differences in this value between centers having the closely timed Onsets. Third, the process of calcification is seen to begin later and to continue much longer for these boys than for the girls, a fact which confirms data for other groups of children.   
The Onset Profile and Completion Profile are constructed to serve as norms for children. It is convenient to classify a child's onset ages and completion ages as "advanced", "moderate" (modal), or "delayed" according to whether the child's age equivalent "dots" appeared to the <left> of, <upon>, or to the <right> of the appropriate short transverse line. When a dot appears close to the end of the transverse line, the "moderate" rating may be further classified according to the position of the dot with respect to the vertical marking denoting the mean age. Such classifications may be called "somewhat advanced" or "somewhat delayed", as the case may be, reserving "moderate" for dots upon or close to the mean.   
In the lower portion of each Chart, the Skeletal Age (Hand) of boy 34 and girl 2 may be similarly classified. There the middle one of the three curves denotes "mean Skeletal Age" for the Maturity Series boys and girls. The upper curve denotes the mean plus one standard deviation, and the lower curve represents the mean minus one standard deviation. Thus, a child's Skeletal Age "dots" may be classified as "advanced" when they appear above the middle curve, "moderate" when they appear immediately above or below the middle curve, and "delayed" when they appear below the lower curve.   
To summarize the purpose of the Skeletal Maturity Chart: each contains two kinds of skeletal maturity norms which show two quite different methods of depicting developmental level of growth centers. First, the upper portion requires series of films for every child, consisting of those from Hand, Elbow, Shoulder, Knee, and Foot. The lower portion necessitates only films of Hand. Second, the upper portion permits comparison of maturity levels of an equal number of growth centers from the long, short, and round bones of the five regions. The lower portion permits comparison of maturity levels of short and round bones predominantly, since only two long bones are included in Hand and Wrist as a region. Third, the upper portion deals with only two indicators of developmental level, Onset and Completion. The lower portion utilizes the full complement of intermediate maturity indicators of each Hand center as well as their Onset and Completion. Fourth, the two indicators are for the most part widely separated chronologically, with the extensive age gap occurring during childhood for all but one growth center. The lower portion provides a rating at any stage between infancy and adulthood.   
Onsets, Completions, and Skeletal Ages (Hand) of boy 34 and girl 2 may be directly compared and classified, using only those Skeletal Ages which appear immediately below the Onset Profile and the Completion Profile. It may be assumed that differences in ratings due to selection of growth centers from specific regions of the body will be small, according to existing tables of onset age and completion age for centers throughout the body. Accordingly, maturity level ratings by means of the upper portion and lower portion of the Chart, respectively, should be somewhat similar since Skeletal Age assessments are dependent upon Onsets during infancy and upon Completions during adolescence. It is clear that there are some differences in the ratings, but there is substantial agreement. Since a Skeletal Age rating can be made at any age during growth, from Elbow, Shoulder, Knee, or Foot as well as Hand, it seems to be the method of choice when one wishes to study most aspects of skeletal developmental progress during childhood. As stated earlier in the paper, Onsets and Completions- particularly the former- provide a different tool or indicator of expectancy in osseous development, each within a limited age period. Such an indicator, or indicators, are needed as means of recognizing specific periods of delay in skeletal developmental progress.   
It was stated earlier that one purpose of this study was to extend the analysis of variability of Onset and Completion in each of the 21 growth centers somewhat beyond that provided by the data in Tables 1 and 2. As one approach to doing this, Figures 3 and 4 have been constructed from the mean ages and the individual onset and completion ages for boy 34 and girl 2. The differences between onset age and completion age with respect to the corresponding mean age have been brought into juxtaposition by means of a series of arrows. The data for boy 34 appear in Figure 3, and for girl 2 in Figure 4. The numbering system used in Tables 1 and 2 and Figures 1 and 2 was continued for the 21 growth centers.   
The "dot" on one end of each arrow indicates extent of difference in months between the child's onset age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center. The "tip" of the arrow represents extent of difference between the child's completion age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center. Thus, the alignment of the "dots" and "tips", respectively, indicate individual variability of the 21 growth centers of each child with respect to the mean values for these boys and girls. The direction in which the arrow points shows how the maturity level of the growth center was changed at Completion from the level at Onset. When the "dot" and "tip" coincide, the classification used in this paper is "same schedule". The length of the arrow indicates amount of slowing or acceleration at Completion over that at Onset, and the difference in months can be read roughly by referring the arrow to the age scale along the base of each figure, or more precisely by referring to the original data in the appropriate tables.   
The difference between the sequence of Onset of ossification for the sexes governs the numbering sequence in Figures 3 and 4. This difference is readily clarified by referring to Table 1. For example, arrow 17 in Figure 3 portrays the proximal radial epiphysis for boy 34, whereas the same epiphysis for girl 2 is portrayed by arrow 18 in Figure 4. For the boy, this epiphysis was markedly delayed at Onset but near the mean at Completion. Thus, the Span of its ossification was shortened and the center's ability to "catch up" in ossification is demonstrated. In contrast, for the girl the epiphysis was slightly advanced at Onset and delayed at Completion. Obviously, the slowing for her may have occurred at any point between Onset and Completion. The Skeletal Age curve in the lower portion of Figure 2 shows that slowing may have occurred for her during the prepubescent period. Length of the shaft of these arrows may be evaluated according to the standard deviation values for each center in Table 1.   
We have attempted to simplify the extensive task of analyzing onset ages and completion ages of each child- more than 1700 values for the entire group- by constructing figures for each of the 21 centers so that the data for all 34 boys and 34 of the girls will appear together for each growth center. Figures 5 and 6 are examples of our method of analyzing the results for each growth center. Forty other figures similar to 5 and 6 and the original data used in the construction of all figures and tables in this monograph have been included in the Appendix.   
The principles used in making each arrow for Figures 3 and 4 were applied to the construction of Figures 5 and 6 as well as all figures in the Appendix. One growth center in a short bone- distal phalanx of the second finger- was chosen as an example for discussion here, primarily because epiphyseal-diaphyseal fusion, the maturity indicator for Completion in long and short bones, occurs in this center for girls near the menarche and for boys near their comparable pubescent stage. Its Completion thus becomes one of the convenient maturity indicators to include in studies of growth, dietary patterns, and health during adolescence.

The following summary, based on Figures 5 and 6, is an example of one way of interpreting the 42 figures constructed from onset ages and completion ages of individual children with respect to the appropriate mean age for each growth center. At the top of Figure 5, for example, the Onset range and Completion range lines for the chosen growth center have been drawn for girls according to their mean and standard deviation values in Table 1. The 34 arrows, denoting onset age plus completion age deviations, have been arrayed in an Onset sequence which begins with girl 18 who had the earliest Onset of the 34 girls. The growth center depicted here, in the distal phalanx of the second finger, is listed as the fifth of those in the seven short bones. The mean onset age was 25.3 months (Table 1), and the average Span of the osseous stage was 133 months. The correlation (Table 2) between onset age and completion age was +.50, and that between onset age and Span was -.10. With due consideration for the limits of precision in assessing, expected rate of change in ossification of girls age 2 years, and the known variations in rate of ossification of these children as described in our preceding paper in the Supplement, each arrow with a "shaft length" of four months or less was selected as indicating "same schedule" at Onset and Completion, for this particular epiphysis. Accordingly, girls 31, 29, 33, 21, 26, 13, 3, 4, 14, 32, 24, 25, 34, 23, 6, 15, 22, and 16 may be said to have the "same schedule" at Onset and Completion.   
It seems clear, from the counter-balanced shape of the series of arrows in Figure 5 that there was about an equal number of early and late Onsets and Completions for the 34 girls. Accordingly, if epiphyseal-diaphyseal fusion occurs in this phalanx near menarche, early and late menarches might have been forecast rather precisely at the time of Onset of ossification for the 18 girls with "same schedule". As an example of the interpretation of an arrow in the figure which exceeds four months in shaft length in conjunction with its position in the figure: girl 2 had a delayed Onset and further delayed Completion. It is of interest that her menarche was somewhat later than the average for the girls in this group.   
A similar analysis of Figure 6 for the 34 boys would necessitate quite a different conclusion about the predictive value of onset age in forecasting their attainment of the pubescent stage. Boys 32, 23, 31, 17, 30, 19, and 24 had "same schedule" at Onset and Completion; thus early forecasting of the pubescent stage would appear possible for only seven boys. Boy 34, like girl 2, did not have "same schedule"; his arrow crosses the line denoting the mean. The "dot" on his arrow indicates early Onset and the "tip" indicates relatively later Completion.   
After the 42 figures had been drawn like Figures 5 and 6, classifications of the onset ages and completion ages were summarized from them. Interestingly enough, the effect of the digitalis glycosides is inhibited by a high concentration of potassium in the incubation medium and is enhanced by the absence of potassium (Wolff, 1960). _B. ORGANIFICATION OF IODINE_ The precise mechanism for organification of iodine in the thyroid is not as yet completely understood. However, the formation of organically bound iodine, mainly mono-iodotyrosine, can be accomplished in cell-free systems. In the absence of additions to the homogenate, the product formed is an iodinated particulate protein (Fawcett and Kirkwood, 1953; Taurog, Potter and Chaikoff, 1955; Taurog, Potter, Tong, and Chaikoff, 1956; Serif and Kirkwood, 1958; De Groot and Carvalho, 1960). This iodoprotein does not appear to be the same as what is normally present in the thyroid, and there is no evidence so far that thyroglobulin can be iodinated in vitro by cell-free systems. In addition, the iodoamino acid formed in largest quantity in the intact thyroid is di-iodotyrosine. If tyrosine and a system generating hydrogen peroxide are added to a cell-free homogenate of the thyroid, large quantities of free mono-iodotyrosine can be formed (Alexander, 1959). It is not clear whether this system bears any resemblance to the in vivo iodinating mechanism, and a system generating peroxide has not been identified in thyroid tissue. On chemical grounds it seems most likely that iodide is first converted to **f and then to **f as the active iodinating species. In the thyroid gland it appears that proteins (chiefly thyroglobulin) are iodinated and that free tyrosine and thyronine are not iodinated. Iodination of tyrosine, however, is not enough for the synthesis of hormone. The mono- and di-iodotyrosine must be coupled to form tri-iodothyronine and thyroxine. The mechanism of this coupling has been studied in some detail with non-enzymatic systems in vitro and can be simulated by certain di-iodotyrosine analogues (Pitt-Rivers and James, 1958). There is so far no evidence to indicate conclusively that this coupling is under enzymatic control.   
The chemical nature of the iodocompounds is discussed below (pp& 76 et seq&). _C. THYROGLOBULIN SYNTHESIS_ Little is known of the synthetic mechanisms for formation of thyroglobulin. Its synthesis has not been demonstrated in cell-free systems, nor has its synthesis by systems with intact thyroid cells in vitro been unequivocally proven. There is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may proceed independently of iodination, for in certain transplantable tumours of the rat thyroid containing essentially no iodinated thyroglobulin, a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in ultracentrifuge experiments (Wolff, Robbins and Rall, 1959). Similar findings have been noted in a patient with congenital absence of the organification enzymes, whose thyroid tissue could only concentrate iodide. In addition, depending on availability of dietary iodine, thyroglobulin may contain varying quantities of iodine. _D. SECRETION_ Since the circulating thyroid hormones are the amino acids thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine (cf& Section C), it is clear that some mechanism must exist in the thyroid gland for their release from proteins before secretion. The presence of several proteases and peptidases has been demonstrated in the thyroid. One of the proteases has ~pH optimum of about 3.7 and another of about 5.7 (McQuillan, Stanley and Trikojus, 1954; Alpers, Robbins and Rall, 1955). The finding that the concentration of one of these proteases is increased in thyroid glands from ~TSH-treated animals suggests that this protease may be active in vivo. There is no conclusive evidence yet that either of the proteases has been prepared in highly purified form nor is their specificity known. A study of their activity on thyroglobulin has shown that thyroxine is not preferentially released and that the degradation proceeds stepwise with the formation of macromolecular intermediates (Alpers, Petermann and Rall, 1956). Besides proteolytic enzymes the thyroid possesses de-iodinating enzymes. A microsomal de-iodinase with a ~pH optimum of around 8, and requiring reduced triphosphopyridine nucleotide for activity, has been identified in the thyroid (Stanbury, 1957). This de-iodinating enzyme is effective against mono- and di-iodotyrosine, but does not de-iodinate thyroxine or tri-iodothyronine. It is assumed that the iodine released from the iodotyrosines remains in the iodide pool of the thyroid, where it is oxidised and re-incorporated into thyroglobulin. The thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine released by proteolysis and so escaping de-iodination presumably diffuse into the blood stream. It has been shown that thyroglobulin binds thyroxine, but the binding does not appear to be particularly strong. It has been suggested that the plasma thyroxine-binding proteins, which have an extremely high affinity for thyroxine, compete with thyroglobulin for thyroxine (Ingbar and Freinkel, 1957). _E. ANTITHYROID DRUGS_ Antithyroid drugs are of two general types. One type has a small univalent anion of the thiocyanate-perchlorate-fluoroboride type. This ion inhibits thyroid hormone synthesis by interfering with iodide concentration in the thyroid. It does not appear to affect the iodinating mechanism as such. The other group of antithyroid agents or drugs is typified by thiouracil. These drugs have no effect on the iodide concentrating mechanism, but they inhibit organification. The mechanism of action of these drugs has not been completely worked out, but certain of them appear to act by reducing the oxidised form of iodine before it can iodinate thyroglobulin (Astwood, 1954). On the other hand, there are a few antithyroid drugs of this same general type, such as resorcinol, possessing no reducing activity and possibly acting through formation of a complex with molecular iodine. Any of the antithyroid drugs, of either type, if given in large enough doses for a long period of time will cause goitre, owing to inhibition of thyroid hormone synthesis, with production of hypothyroidism. The anterior lobe of the pituitary then responds by an increased output of ~TSH, causing the thyroid to enlarge. The effect of drugs that act on the iodide-concentrating mechanism can be counteracted by addition of relatively large amounts of iodine to the diet. The antithyroid drugs of the thiouracil type, however, are not antagonised by such means. Besides those of the thiouracil and resorcinol types, certain antithyroid drugs have been found in naturally occurring foods. The most conclusively identified is L-5-vinyl-2-thio-oxazolidone, which was isolated from rutabaga (Greer, 1950). It is presumed to occur in other members of the Brassica family. There is some evidence that naturally occurring goitrogens may play a role in the development of goitre, particularly in Tasmania and Australia (Clements and Wishart, 1956). There it seems that the goitrogen ingested by dairy animals is itself inactive but is converted in the animal to an active goitrogen, which is then secreted in the milk. _F. DIETARY INFLUENCES_ Besides the presence of goitrogens in the diet, the level of iodine itself in the diet plays a major role in governing the activity of the thyroid gland. In the experimental animal and in man gross deficiency in dietary iodine causes thyroid hyperplasia, hypertrophy and increased thyroid activity (Money, Rall and Rawson, 1952; Stanbury, Brownell, Riggs, Perinetti, Itoiz, and Del Castillo, 1954). In man the normal level of iodine in the diet and the level necessary to prevent development of goitre is about 100 ~|mg per day. With lower levels, thyroid hypertrophy and increased thyroid blood-flow enable the thyroid to accumulate a larger proportion of the daily intake of iodine. Further, the gland is able to re-use a larger fraction of the thyroid hormone de-iodinated peripherally. In the presence of a low iodine intake, thyroglobulin labelled in vivo with **f is found to contain more mono-iodotyrosine than normal, the amounts of di-iodotyrosine and iodothyronines being correspondingly reduced. This appears to result from both a reduced amount of the iodine substrate and a more rapid secretion of newly iodinated thyroglobulin. If the deficiency persists long enough, it is reasonable to suppose that the **f label will reflect the **f distribution in the thyroglobulin. Similar results might be expected from the influence of drugs or pathological conditions that limit iodide trapping, or organification, or accelerate thyroglobulin proteolysis.

#B. THE THYROID-STIMULATING HORMONE#

The name thyroid-stimulating hormone (~TSH) has been given to a substance found in the anterior pituitary gland of all species of animal so far tested for its presence. The hormone has also been called thyrotrophin or thyrotrophic hormone. At the present time we do not know by what biochemical mechanism ~TSH acts on the thyroid, but for bio-assay of the hormone there are a number of properties by which its activity may be estimated, including release of iodine from the thyroid, increase in thyroid weight, increase in mean height of the follicular cells and increase in the thyroidal uptake of **f. Here we shall restrict discussion to those methods that appear sufficiently sensitive and precise for determining the concentration of ~TSH in blood. Brown (1959) has reviewed generally the various methods of assaying ~TSH, and the reader is referred to her paper for further information on the subject.

#1. CHEMICAL CONSTITUTION AND PHYSICAL PROPERTIES OF PITUITARY ~TSH#

As long ago as 1851 it was pointed out by Niepce (1851) that there is a connection between the pituitary and the thyroid.. This connection was clarified by Smith and Smith (1922), who showed that saline extracts of fresh bovine pituitary glands could re-activate the atrophied thyroids of hypophysectomised tadpoles. The first attempts to isolate ~TSH came a decade later, when Janssen and Loeser (1931) used trichloroacetic acid to separate the soluble ~TSH from insoluble impurities. After their work other investigators applied salt-fractionation techniques to the problem, as well as fractionation with organic solvents, such as acetone. Albert (1949) has concluded that the most active preparations of ~TSH made during this period, from 1931 to 1945, were probably about 100 to 300 times as potent as the starting material. Much of this work has been reviewed by White (1944) and by Albert (1949). Developments up to about 1957 have been discussed by Sonenberg (1958).   
In the last few years, the application of chromatographic and other modern techniques to the problem of isolating ~TSH has led to further purification (Bates and Condliffe, 1960; Pierce, Carsten and Wynston, 1960). The most active preparations obtained by these two groups of investigators appear to be similar in potency, composition and physical properties.

Two problems present themselves in considering any hormone in blood. First, is the circulating form of the hormone the same as that found in the gland where it is synthesised and stored? Second, what is its concentration in normal circumstances and in what circumstances will this concentration depart from the normal level and in which direction? It is therefore necessary to consider the properties of pituitary ~TSH if the fragmentary chemical information about blood ~TSH is to be discussed rationally. The importance of knowing in what chemical forms the hormone may exist is accentuated by the recent observation that there exists an abnormally long-acting ~TSH in blood drawn from many thyrotoxic patients (Adams, 1958). Whether this abnormal ~TSH differs chemically from pituitary ~TSH, or is, alternatively, normal ~TSH with its period of effectiveness modified by some other blood constituent, cannot be decided without chemical study of the activity in the blood of these patients and a comparison of the substance responsible for the blood activity with pituitary ~TSH.   
In evaluating data on the concentration of ~TSH in blood, one must examine critically the bio-assay methods used to obtain them. The introduction of the United States Pharmacopoeia reference standard in 1952 and the redefinition and equating of the ~USP and international units of thyroid-stimulating activity have made it possible to compare results published by different investigators since that time. We should like to re-emphasise the importance of stating results solely in terms of international units of ~TSH activity and of avoiding the re-introduction of biological units. For the most part, this discussion will be confined to results obtained since the introduction of the reference standard. _A. STANDARD PREPARATIONS AND UNITS OF THYROID-STIMULATING ACTIVITY_ The international unit (u&), adopted to make possible the comparison of results from different laboratories (Mussett and Perry, 1955), has been defined as the amount of activity present in 13.5 ~mg of the International Standard Preparation. The international unit is equipotent with the ~USP unit adopted in 1952, which was defined as the amount of activity present in 20 ~mg of the ~USP reference substance.

#INTRODUCTION#

Muscle weakness is now recognized as an uncommon though serious complication of steroid therapy, with most of the synthetic adrenal corticosteroids in clinical use. Although biopsies have shown structural changes in some of the reported cases of steroid-induced weakness, this case provides the only example known to us in which necropsy afforded the opportunity for extensive study of multiple muscle groups. The case described in this paper is that of an older man who developed disabling muscular weakness while receiving a variety of steroids for a refractory anemia.

#REPORT OF CASE#

This patient was a 65-year-old white male accountant who entered the New York Hospital for his fourth and terminal admission on June 26, 1959, because of disabling weakness and general debility.   
In 1953 the patient developed an unexplained anemia for which 15 blood transfusions were given over a period of 4 years. Splenomegaly was first noted in 1956, and a sternal marrow biopsy at that time showed "scattered foci of fibrosis" suggestive of myelofibrosis. No additional transfusions were necessary after the institution of prednisone in July, 1957, in an initial dose of 40 mg& daily with gradual tapering to 10 mg& daily. This medication was continued until February, 1958.   
In February, 1958, the patient suffered a myocardial infarction complicated by pulmonary edema. Additional findings at this time included cardiomegaly, peripheral arteriosclerosis obliterans, and cholelithiasis. The hemoglobin was 11.6 gm&. Therapy included digitalization and anticoagulation. Later, chlorothiazide and salt restriction became necessary to control the edema of chronic congestive failure. Because of increasing anemia, triamcinolone, 8 mg& daily, was started on Feb& 23, 1958, and was continued until july, 1958. In september, 1958, the patient developed generalized weakness and fatigue which was concurrent with exacerbation of his anemia; the hemoglobin was 10.6 gm&. In an attempt to reverse the downhill trend by stimulating the bone marrow and controlling any hemolytic component, triamcinolone, 16 mg& daily, was begun on Sept& 26, 1958, and continued until Feb& 18, 1959. At first the patient felt stronger, and the hemoglobin rose to 13.8 gm&, but on Oct& 20, 1958, he complained of "caving in" in his knees. By Nov& 8, 1958, weakness, specifically involving the pelvic and thigh musculature, was pronounced, and a common complaint was "difficulty in stepping up on to curbs". Prednisone, 30 mg& daily, was substituted for triamcinolone from Nov& 22 until Dec& 1, 1958, without any improvement in the weakness. Serum potassium at this time was 3.8 mEq& per liter, and the hemoglobin was 13.9 gm& By Dec& 1, 1958, the weakness in the pelvic and quadriceps muscle groups was appreciably worse, and it became difficult for the patient to rise unaided from a sitting or reclining position. Triamcinolone, 16 mg& daily, was resumed and maintained until Feb& 18, 1959. Chlorothiazide was omitted for a 2-week period, but there was no change in the muscle weakness.   
At this time a detailed neuromuscular examination revealed diffuse muscle atrophy that was moderate in the hands and feet, but marked in the shoulders, hips, and pelvic girdle, with hypoactive deep-tendon reflexes. No fasciculations or sensory defects were found. Electromyography revealed no evidence of lower motor neuron disease. Thyroid function tests yielded normal results. The protein-bound iodine was 6.6|mg& %, and the radioactive iodine uptake over the thyroid gland was 46% in 24 hours, with a conversion ratio of 12%. A Schilling test demonstrated normal absorption of vitamin **f. In February, 1959, during the second admission to The New York Hospital, a biopsy specimen of the left gastrocnemius showed striking increase in the sarcolemmal sheath nuclei and shrunken muscle fibers in several sections. Serial serum potassium levels remained normal; the serum glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase was 10 units per ml& per min&. The clinical impression at this time was either muscular dystrophy or polymyositis.   
On Feb& 12, 1959, purified corticotropin (~ACTH Gel), 20 units daily intramuscularly, was started but had to be discontinued 3 weeks later because of excessive fluid retention. From March 3 to May 1, 1949, the patient was maintained on dexamethasone, 3 to 6 mg& daily. In May 1959, prednisone, 30 mg& daily, replaced the dexamethasone. Muscle weakness did not improve, and the patient needed first a cane, then crutches. In spite of normal thyroid function tests, a trial of propylthiouracil, 400 mg& daily for one week, was given but served only to intensify muscle weakness. Repeated attempts to withdraw steroids entirely were unsuccessful because increased muscle weakness resulted, as well as fever, malaise, anorexia, anxiety, and an exacerbation of the anemia. These reactions were interpreted as being manifestations of hypoadrenocorticism.   
Severe back pain in June, 1959, prompted a third hospital admission. Extensive osteoporosis with partial collapse of ~D8 was found. A high-protein diet, calcium lactate supplements, and norethandrolone failed to change the skeletal complaint or the severe muscle weakness.   
The terminal hospital admission on June 27, 1959, was necessitated by continued weakness and debility complicated by urinary retention and painful thrombosed hemorrhoids. X-ray films of the vertebral column showed progression of the demineralization. On July 4, 1959, the patient developed marked abdominal pain and distension, went into shock, and died.

#FINDINGS AT NECROPSY#

The body was that of a well-developed, somewhat debilitated white man weighing 108 lb& There were bilateral pterygia and arcus senilis, and the mouth was edentulous.   
The heart weighed 510 gm&, and at the outflow tracts the left and right ventricles measured 19 and 3 mm&, respectively. The coronary arteries were sclerotic and diffusely narrowed throughout their courses, and the right coronary artery was virtually occluded by a yellow atheromatous plaque 1.5 cm& distal to its origin. The myocardium of the posterior base of the left ventricle was replaced by gray scar tissue over a 7.5 cm& area. The valves were normal except for thin yellow plaques on the inferior surface of the mitral leaflets. Microscopically, sections from the posterior base of the left ventricle of the heart showed several large areas of replacement of muscle by fibrous tissue. In addition, other sections contained focal areas of recent myocardial necrosis that were infiltrated with neutrophils. Many of the myocardial fibers were hypertrophied and had large, irregular, basophilic nuclei. The intima of the larger coronary arteries was thickened by fibrous tissue containing fusiform clefts and mononuclear cells.   
The intimal surface of the aorta was covered with confluent, yellow-brown, hard, friable plaques along its entire course, and there was a marked narrowing of the orifices of the large major visceral arteries. In particular, the orifices of the right renal and celiac arteries were virtually occluded, and both calcified common iliac arteries were completely occluded.

The lungs weighed together 950 gm&. On the surfaces of both lungs there were emphysematous blebs measuring up to 3 cm& in diameter. The parenchyma was slightly hyperemic in the apex of the left lung, and there were several firm, gray, fibrocalcific nodules measuring as large as 3 mm&. Microscopically, there was emphysema, fibrosis, and vascular congestion. Macrophages laden with brown pigment were seen in some of the alveoli, and the intima of some of the small arteries was thickened by fibrous tissue.   
The firm red spleen weighed 410 gm&, and its surface was mottled by discrete, small patches of white material. The endothelial cells lining the sinusoids were prominent, and many contained large quantities of hemosiderin. Some of the sinusoids contained large numbers of nucleated red cells, and cells of the granulocytic series were found in small numbers. There were slight fibrosis and marked arteriolosclerosis.   
The liver weighed 2,090 gm&, was brown in color, and the cut surface was mottled by irregular pale areas. Microscopically, there was hyperemia of the central veins, and there was some atrophy of adjacent parenchyma. Some liver cord cells contained vacuolated cytoplasm, while others had small amounts of brown hemosiderin pigment.   
The gallbladder contained about 40 cc& of green-brown bile and 3 smooth, dark-green calculi measuring up to 1 cm& in diameter.   
The mucosa of the stomach was atrophic and irregularly blackened over a 14 cm& area. The small and large intestines were filled with gas, and the jejunum was dilated to about 2 times its normal circumference. The small intestine and colon contained approximately 300 cc& of foul-smelling, sanguineous material, and the mucosa throughout was hyperemic and mottled green-brown. A careful search failed to show occlusion of any of the mesenteric vessels. Microscopically, the mucosa of the stomach showed extensive cytolysis and contained large numbers of Gram-negative bacterial rods. The submucosa was focally infiltrated with neutrophils. The mucosa of the jejunum and ileum showed similar changes, and in some areas the submucosa was edematous and contained considerable numbers of neutrophils. Some of the small vessels were filled with fibrin thrombi, and there was extensive interstitial hemorrhage. A section of the colon revealed intense hyperemia and extensive focal ulcerations of the mucosa, associated with much fibrin and many neutrophils. Cultures taken from the jejunum yielded Monilia albicans, Pseudomonas pyocanea, Aerobacter aerogenes, and Streptococcus anhemolyticus.   
The kidneys were pale and weighed right, 110 gm&, and left, 230 gm&. The surfaces were coarsely and finely granular and punctuated by clear, fluid-filled cysts measuring up to 3 cm& in diameter. On the surface of the right kidney there were also 2 yellow, firm, friable raised areas measuring up to 2 cm& in diameter. Microscopically, both kidneys showed many small cortical scars in which there was glomerular and interstitial fibrosis, tubular atrophy, and an infiltration of lymphocytes and plasma cells. Occasional tubules contained hyaline casts admixed with neutrophils. Throughout, there were marked arteriolosclerosis and hyalinization of afferent glomerular arterioles. These changes were more marked in the atrophic right kidney than in the left. In addition, there were 2 small papillary adenomas in the right kidney.

The bone of the vertebral bodies, ribs, and sternum was soft and was easily compressed. The marrow of the vertebral bodies was pale and showed areas of fatty replacement. Microscopically, there were many areas of hypercellularity alternating with areas of hypocellularity. The cells of the erythroid, myeloid, and megakaryocytic series were normal except for their numbers. There was no evidence of fibrosis. The muscles of the extremities, chest wall, neck, and abdominal wall were soft, pale, and atrophic.   
Microscopic studies of the gastrocnemius, pectoralis major, transversus abdominis, biceps brachii, and diaphragm showed atrophy as well as varying degrees of injury ranging from swelling and vacuolization to focal necrosis of the muscle fibers. These changes were most marked in the gastrocnemius and biceps and less evident in the pectoralis, diaphragm, and transversus.   
In the gastrocnemius and biceps there were many swollen and homogeneous necrotic fibers such as that shown in Figure 2. Such swollen fibers were deeply eosinophilic, contained a few pyknotic nuclei, and showed loss of cross-striations, obliteration of myofibrils, and prominent vacuolization. The necrosis often involved only a portion of the length of a given fiber, and usually the immediately adjacent fibers were normal. As shown in Figure 3, the protoplasm of other fibers was pale, granular, or flocculated and invaded by phagocytes. Inflammatory cells were strikingly absent. In association with these changes in the fibers, there were striking alterations in the muscle nuclei. These were increased both in number and in size, contained prominent nucleoli, and were distributed throughout the fiber (Figs& 2-5). In contrast to the nuclear changes described above, another change in muscle nuclei was seen, usually occurring in fibers that were somewhat smaller than normal but that showed distinct cross-striations and myofibrillae. The nuclei of these fibers, as is shown in Figures 3 and 4, showed remarkable proliferation and were closely approximated, forming a chainlike structure at either the center or the periphery of the fiber. Individual nuclei were usually oval to round, though occasionally elongated, and frequently small and somewhat pyknotic. At times, clumps of 10 to 15 closely-packed nuclei were also observed. Occasionally there were small basophilic fibers that were devoid of myofibrillae and contained many vesicular nuclei with prominent nucleoli (Fig& 5). These were thought to represent regenerating fibers. Trichrome stains failed to show fibrosis in the involved muscles. In all of the sections examined, the arterioles and small arteries were essentially normal. _PURIFICATION OF THE CONJUGATES_ In attempting to improve specificity of staining, the fluorescein-labeled antisera used in both direct and indirect methods were treated in one of several ways: (1) They were passed through Dowex-2-chloride twice and treated with acetone insoluble powders (Coons, 1958) prepared from mouse liver or from healthy sweet clover stems or crown gall tissue produced by <Agrobacterium tumefaciens> (E& F& Smith + Townsend) Conn, on sweet clover stems. (2) The conjugates as well as the intermediate sera were absorbed for 30 minutes with 20-50 ~mg of proteins extracted from healthy sweet clover stems. The proteins were extracted with 3 volumes of **f in **f to give a nearly neutral extract and precipitated by 80% saturation with **f. The precipitate was washed twice with an 80% saturated solution of **f, dissolved in a small quantity of 0.1 ~<M> neutral phosphate buffer, dialyzed against cold distilled water till free from ammonium ions, and lyophilized using liquid nitrogen. (3) In other experiments the indirect conjugate was treated with 3 volumes of ethyl acetate as recommended by Dineen and Ade (1957). (4) The conjugates were passed through a diethylaminoethyl (~DEAE-) cellulose column equilibrated with neutral phosphate buffer (~PBS) containing **f potassium phosphate and **f. _PREPARATION OF FROZEN SECTIONS_ The technique of cutting sections was essentially the same as that described by Coons <et al>& (1951). Root and stem tumors from sweet clover plants infected with ~WTV were quick-frozen in liquid nitrogen, embedded in ice, and cut at 3-6 ~|m in a cryostat maintained at -16` to -20`. The sections were mounted on cold slides smeared with Haupts' adhesive (Johansen, 1940) in earlier experiments, and in later experiments with a different mixture of the same components reported by Schramm and Ro^ttger (1959). The latter adhesive was found to be much more satisfactory. The sections were then thawed by placing a finger under the slide and dried under a fan for 30 minutes; until used they were stored for as long as 2 weeks. _STAINING TECHNIQUE_ _INDIRECT METHOD._ The sections were fixed in acetone for 15 minutes and dried at 37` for 30 minutes. Some of them were then covered with a drop of **f in a moist chamber at 24` for 30-40 minutes. As controls other sections were similarly covered with ~NS. Sections were then washed with ~PBS for 15-30 minutes. After blotting out most of the saline around the sections, a drop of **f was layered over each of the sections, allowed to react for 30 minutes, and then washed with ~PBS for 15-30 minutes. After blotting out most of the liquid around the sections, the latter were mounted in buffered glycerine (7 parts glycerine to 3 parts of ~PBS). _DIRECT METHOD._ After drying the sections under the fan, fixing in acetone, and drying at 37` as in the indirect method, the sections were treated with conjugated **f or **f (undiluted unless mentioned otherwise) for 5-30 minutes. As controls, other sections were similarly treated with **f or conjugated antiserum to the New York strain of potato yellow-dwarf virus (Wolcyrz and Black, 1956). The sections were then washed with ~PBS for 15-30 minutes and mounted in buffered glycerine. _FLUORESCENCE MICROSCOPY_ Stained or unstained sections were examined under dark field illumination in a Zeiss fluorescence microscope equipped with a mercury vapor lamp (Osram ~HBO 200). The light beam from the lamp was filtered through a half-standard thickness Corning 1840 filter. In the eyepiece a Wratten 2 ~B filter was used to filter off residual ultra-violet light. A red filter, Zeiss barrier filter with the code (Schott) designation ~BG 23, was also used in the ocular lens assembly as it improved the contrast between specific and nonspecific fluorescence.

#RESULTS#

_SPECIFICITY OF STAINING_ _INDIRECT METHOD._ In the first few experiments **f was passed through Dowex-2-chloride twice and absorbed twice with 50-100 ~mg sweet clover tissue powder. The intermediate sera were also similarly absorbed with tissue powder. Sections of sweet clover stem and root tumors were treated with 1:10 solution of **f for 30 minutes, washed in buffered saline for 15 minutes, stained with **f for 30 minutes, and washed for 15 minutes in ~PBS. Such sections showed bright yellow-green specific fluorescence in the cells of the pseudophloem tissue (Lee and Black, 1955). This specific fluorescence was readily distinguished from the light green nonspecific fluorescence in consecutive sections stained with 1:10 dilution of ~NS and **f or with **f alone. Unstained sections mounted in buffered glycerine or sections treated only with ~NS or **f did not show such green fluorescence. Sections of crown gall tissue similarly stained with either **f and **f or ~NS and **f also showed only the light green nonspecific fluorescence. However, the nonspecific staining by the **f in tumor sections was considered bright enough to be confused with the staining of small amounts of ~WTV antigen. Two absorptions of **f with ethyl acetate or two absorptions of **f (which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride), ~NS and **f with crown gall tissue powder, or mouse liver powder did not further improve the specificity of staining. Treatment of all the sera with sweet clover proteins greatly reduced nonspecific fluorescence, especially when the treated conjugate was diluted to 1:2 with 0.85% saline. In all the above procedures, when the intermediate sera were diluted to 1:10 or 1:100 with 0.85% saline, the specific and nonspecific fluorescence were not appreciably reduced, whereas, a dilution of the intermediate sera to 1:500 or diluting the **f to 1:5 greatly reduced specific fluorescence. Rinsing the sections with ~PBS before layering the intermediate sera did not improve the staining reaction. In addition to other treatments, treating the sections with normal sheep serum for half an hour before layering **f did not reduce nonspecific staining.

The only treatment by which nonspecific staining could be satisfactorily removed was by passing the conjugate through a ~DEAE-cellulose column. When 1 ~ml of conjugate was passed through a column (**f), the first and second milliliter fractions collected were the most specific and gave no nonspecific staining in some experiments, and very little in others. In the latter cases an additional treatment of the ~DEAE-cellulose-treated **f with 50 ~mg of sweet clover stem tissue powder further improved the specificity. After these treatments the conjugate did not stain healthy or crown gall sweet clover tissues or stained them a very faint green which was easily distinguishable from the bright yellow-green specific staining. With this purified conjugate the best staining procedure consisted of treating the sections with 1:10 dilution of **f for 30 minutes, washing with ~PBS for 15 minutes, staining with **f for 30 minutes, and washing with ~PBS for 15 minutes. The specificity of staining in ~WTV tumors with **f and **f but not with ~NS and **f or with antiserum to potato yellow-dwarf virus and **f, and the absence of such staining in crown gall tumor tissue from sweet-clover, indicate that an antigen of ~WTV was being stained. _DIRECT METHOD._ **f was first conjugated with 50 ~mg of ~FITC per gram of globulin. This conjugate was passed twice through Dowex-2-chloride and treated with various tissue powders in the same manner as described for the indirect method. In all cases a disturbing amount of nonspecific staining was still present although it was still distinguishable from specific fluorescence.

In later experiments, **f and **f were prepared by conjugating 8 ~mg of ~FITC per gram of globulin. These conjugates **f had much less nonspecific staining than the previous conjugate (with 50 ~mg ~FITC per gram of globulin) while the specific staining was similar in both cases. Nonspecific staining could be satisfactorily eliminated by passing these conjugates through a ~DEAE-cellulose column as described for **f. The best staining procedure with this purified **f consisted of staining with the conjugate for 30 minutes and washing in ~PBS for 15 minutes. The specificity of staining with **f was established as follows: **f specifically stained tumor sections but not sections of healthy sweet clover stems or of crown gall tumor tissue from sweet clover. Sections of tumors incited by ~WTV were not similarly stained with conjugated normal serum or conjugated antiserum to potato yellow-dwarf virus.   
After passing **f through ~DEAE-cellulose, the titer of antibodies to ~WTV in the specific fraction was 1:4 of the titer before such passage (precipitin ring tests by R& F& Whitcomb); but mere dilution of the conjugate to 1:4 did not satisfactorily remove nonspecific staining. This indicates that increase in specificity of **f after passing it through ~DEAE-cellulose was not merely due to dilution.

Specific staining by ~DEAE-cellulose treated **f and **f, although clearly distinguishable under the microscope from either nonspecific staining or autofluorescence of cells, was not satisfactorily photographed to show such differences in spite of many attempts with black and white and color photography. This was chiefly because of the bluish white autofluorescence from the cells. The autofluorescence from the walls of the xylem cells was particularly brilliant. _DISTRIBUTION OF VIRUS ANTIGEN_ Results of specific staining by the direct and the indirect methods were similar and showed the localization of ~WTV antigen in certain tissues of tumors. The virus antigen was concentrated in the pseudophloem tissue. Frequently a few isolated thick-walled cells or, rarely, groups of such cells in the xylem region, were also specifically stained, but there was no such staining in epidermis, cortex, most xylem cells, ray cells, or pith.   
Within the pseudophloem cells the distribution of ~WTV antigen was irregular in the cytoplasm. No antigen was detectable in certain dark spherical areas in most cells. These areas are thought to represent the nuclei. In some tumor sections small spherical bodies, possibly inclusion bodies (Littau and Black, 1952) stained more intensely than the rest of cytoplasm and probably contained more antigen. In all cases studied tissues of the stem on which the tumor had developed did not contain detectable amounts of ~WTV antigen.

#DISCUSSION#

In both the direct and indirect methods of staining, the conjugates had nonspecifically staining fractions. In the indirect method, this was evident from the fact that tumor sections were stained light green even when stained with ~NS and **f or with **f only. In the direct method, **f, not further treated, stained certain tissues of healthy sweet clover stems nonspecifically and ~WTV tumor sections were similarly stained by comparable **f. After **f and **f were passed through Dowex-2-chloride twice and treated twice with healthy sweet clover tissue powder, nonspecific staining was greatly reduced but a disturbing amount of such staining was still present. Treatment of the conjugates with ethyl acetate, and the conjugates (which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride) with mouse liver powder, sweet clover crown gall tissue powder, or healthy sweet clover proteins did not satisfactorily remove nonspecifically staining substances in the conjugates. Such treatments of the conjugates have usually been successful in eliminating nonspecific staining in several other systems (Coons, 1958). Schramm and Ro^ttger (1959) did not report any such nonspecific staining of plant tissues with fluorescein isocyanate-labeled antiserum to tobacco mosaic virus. The reason for the failure of these treatments to eliminate nonspecific staining in the conjugates in our system is not known.   
In our work the best procedure for removing substances causing nonspecific staining in order to obtain specific conjugates was to pass the conjugates through a ~DEAE-cellulose column and in some cases to absorb the first and second milliliter fractions with sweet clover tissue powder.   
The specific staining by both direct and indirect methods showed that ~WTV antigen was concentrated in the pseudophloem tissue and in a few thick-walled cells in the xylem region, but was not detectable in any other tissues of the root and stem tumors. A study of the distribution of ~WTV antigen within the pseudophloem cells indicates that it is irregularly distributed in the cytoplasm.   
Wound-tumor virus is a leafhopper transmitted virus not easily transmissible by mechanical inoculation (Black, 1944; Brakke <et al>&, 1954). The concentration and apparent localization of the ~WTV antigen in pseudophloem tissue of the tumor may indicate that the virus preferentially multiplies in the phloem and may need to be directly placed in this tissue in order to infect plants.

Since emotional reactions in the higher vertebrates depend on individual experience and are aroused in man, in addition, by complex symbols, one would expect that the hypothalamus could be excited from the cortex. In experiments with topical application of strychnine on the cerebral cortex, the transmission of impulses from the cortex to the hypothalamus was demonstrated. Moreover, the responsiveness of the hypothalamus to nociceptive stimulation is greatly increased under these conditions. Even more complex and obviously cortically induced forms of emotional arousal could be elicited in monkey ~<A> on seeing monkey ~<B> (but not a rabbit) in emotional stress. A previously extinguished conditioned reaction was restored in monkey ~<A> and was associated with typical signs of emotional excitement including sympathetic discharges.   
It seems to follow that by and large an antagonism exists between the paleo- and the neocortex as far as emotional reactivity is concerned, and that the balance between the two systems determines the emotional responsiveness of the organism. In addition, the neocortical-hypothalamic relations play a great role in primates, as Mirsky's interesting experiment on the "communication of affect" demonstrates. But even in relatively primitive laboratory animals such as the rat, sex activity closely identified with the hypothalamus and the visceral brain is enhanced by the neocortex. MacLean stressed correctly the importance of the visceral brain for preservation of the individual and the species, as evidenced by the influence of the limbic brain (including the hypothalamus) on emotions related to fight and flight and also on sexual functions. It should be added that in man neocortical-hypothalamic interrelations probably play a role in the fusion of emotional processes with those underlying perception, memory, imagination, and creativity.   
Previous experiences are obviously of great importance for the qualitative and quantitative emotional response. The visceral brain as well as the neocortex is known to contribute to memory, but this topic is beyond the scope of this paper. #/13,. HYPOTHALAMIC BALANCE AND ITS SIGNIFICANCE#

After this brief discussion of neo-, paleocortical, and cortico-hypothalamic relations, let us return once more to the problem of hypothalamic balance and its physiological and pathological significance. Facilitatory processes take place between neocortex and hypothalamus via ascending and descending pathways. Thus cortico-fugal discharges induced by topical application of strychnine to a minute area in the neocortex summate with spikes present in the hypothalamus and cause increased convulsive discharges. On the other hand, the temporary reduction in hypothalamic excitability through the injection of a barbiturate into the posterior hypothalamus causes a lessening in frequency and amplitude of cortical strychnine spikes until the hypothalamic excitability is restored. Apparently, a positive feedback exists between the posterior hypothalamus and the cerebral cortex. Consequently, if for any reason the hypothalamic excitability falls below the physiological level, the lessened hypothalamic-cortical discharges lead to a diminished state of activity in the cortex with consequent reduction in the cortico-fugal discharges. Obviously, a vicious cycle develops. This tendency can be broken either by restoring hypothalamic excitability directly or via cortico-hypothalamic pathways. It is believed that drug therapy and electroshock involve the former and psychotherapy the latter mechanism.

Before we comment further on these pathological conditions, we should remember that changes in the state of the hypothalamus within physiological limits distinguish sleep from wakefulness. Thus, a low intensity of hypothalamic-cortical discharges prevails in sleep and a high one during wakefulness, resulting in synchronous ~EEG potentials in the former and asynchrony in the latter condition. Moreover, the dominance in parasympathetic action (with reciprocal inhibition of the sympathetic) at the hypothalamic level induces, by its peripheral action, the autonomic symptoms of sleep and, by its action on the cortex, a lessening in the reactivity of the sensory and motor apparatus of the somatic nervous system. With the dominance of the sympathetic division of the hypothalamus, the opposite changes occur. Since electrical stimulation of the posterior hypothalamus produces the effects of wakefulness while stimulation of the anterior hypothalamus induces sleep, it may be said that the reactivity of the whole organism is altered by a change in the autonomic reactivity of the hypothalamus. Similar effects can be induced reflexly via the baroreceptor reflexes in man and animals.   
Of particular importance is the study of the actions of drugs in this respect. Although no drugs act exclusively on the hypothalamus or a part of it, there is sufficient specificity to distinguish drugs which shift the hypothalamic balance to the sympathetic side from those which produce a parasympathetic dominance. The former comprise analeptic and psychoactive drugs, the latter the tranquilizers. Specific differences exist in the action of different drugs belonging to the same group as, for instance, between reserpine and chlorpromazine. Important as these differences are, they should not obscure the basic fact that by shifting the hypothalamic balance sufficiently to the parasympathetic side, we produce depressions, whereas a shift in the opposite direction causes excitatory effects and, eventually, maniclike changes. The emotional states produced by drugs influence the cortical potentials in a characteristic manner; synchrony prevails in the ~EEG of the experimental animal after administration of tranquilizers, but asynchrony after application of analeptic and psychoactive drugs.   
The shock therapies act likewise on the hypothalamic balance. Physiological experiments and clinical observations have shown that these procedures influence the hypothalamically controlled hypophyseal secretions and increase sympathetic discharges. They shift the hypothalamic balance to the sympathetic side. This explains the beneficial effect of electroshock therapy in certain depressions and a shift in the reaction from hypo- to normal reactivity of the sympathetic system as shown by the Mecholyl test. Some investigators have found a parallelism between remissions and return of the sympathetic reactivity of the hypothalamus to the normal level as indicated by the Mecholyl test and, conversely, between clinical impairment and increasing deviation of this test from the norm. Nevertheless, the theory that the determining influence of the hypothalamic balance has a profound influence on the clinical behavior of neuropsychiatric patients has not yet been tested on an adequate number of patients. The Mecholyl and noradrenalin tests applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance, but for the sake of correlating autonomic and clinical states, and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions, additional tests seem to be desirable.   
It was assumed that the shift in autonomic hypothalamic balance occurring spontaneously in neuropsychiatric patients from the application of certain therapeutic procedures follows the pattern known from the sleep-wakefulness cycle. A change in the balance to the parasympathetic side leads in the normal individual to sleep or, in special circumstances, to cardiovascular collapse or nausea and vomiting. In both conditions the emotional and perceptual sensitivity is diminished, but no depression occurs such as is seen clinically or may be produced in normal persons by drugs. The fundamental differences between physiological and pathological states of parasympathetic (and also of sympathetic) dominance remain to be elucidated.   
Perhaps a clue to these and related problems lies in the fact that changes in the intensity of hypothalamic discharges which are associated with changes in its balance lead also to <qualitative> alterations in reactivity. A state of parasympathetic "tuning" of the hypothalamus induced experimentally causes not only an increase in the parsympathetic reactivity of this structure to direct and reflexly induced stimuli, but leads also to an autonomic reversal: a stimulus acting sympathetically under control conditions elicits in this state of tuning a parasympathetic response! Furthermore, conditioned reactions are fundamentally altered when the hypothalamic sympathetic reactivity is augmented beyond a critical level, and several types of behavioral changes probably related to the degree of central autonomic "tuning" are observed. If, for instance, such a change is produced by one or a few insulin comas or electroshocks, previously inhibited conditioned reactions reappear. However, if these procedures are applied more often, conditioned emotional responses are temporarily abolished. In other studies, loss of differentiation in previously established conditioned reflexes resulted from repeated convulsive (metrazol) treatments, suggesting a fundamental disturbance in the balance between excitatory and inhibitory cerebral processes.   
It has further been shown that: (1) an experimental neurosis in its initial stages is associated with a reversible shift in the central autonomic balance; (2) drugs altering the hypothalamic balance alter conditioned reactions; (3) in a state of depression, the positive conditioned stimulus may fail to elicit a conditioned reaction but cause an increased synchrony instead of the excitatory desynchronizing (alerting) effect on the ~EEG. These are few and seemingly disjointed data, but they illustrate the important fact that fundamental alterations in conditioned reactions occur in a variety of states in which the hypothalamic balance has been altered by physiological experimentation, pharmacological action, or clinical processes. #/14,. ON THE PHYSIOLOGICAL BASIS OF SOME FORM OF PSYCHOTHERAPY#

The foregoing remarks imply that the hypothalamic balance plays a crucial role at the crossroads between physiological and pathological forms of emotion. If this is the case, one would expect that not only the various procedures just mentioned which alter the hypothalamic balance would influence emotional state and behavior but that emotion itself would act likewise. We pointed out that emotional excitement may lead to psychosomatic disorders and neurotic symptoms, particularly in certain types of personality, but it is also known that the reliving of a strong emotion ("abreaction") may cure a battle neurosis. This phenomenon raises the question whether the guidance of the emotions for therapeutic ends may not have an even wider application in the area of the neuroses. Being a strictly physiological procedure, one may expect from such a study additional information on the nature of the emotional process itself.

Wolpe's experiments and therapeutic work lie in this area. He showed convincingly that anxiety is a learned (conditioned) reaction and is the basis of experimental and clinical neuroses and assumed, therefore, that the neuronal changes which underlie the neuroses are functional and reversible. An important observation of Pavlov served as a guide post to achieve such a reversibility by physiological means. In a conditioning experiment, he demonstrated the antagonism between feeding and pain. A mild electrical shock served as a conditioned stimulus and was followed by feeding. The pain became thus the symbol for food and elicited salivary secretion (conditioned reflex). Even when the intensity of the shocks was increased gradually, it failed to evoke any signs of pain. Since strong nociceptive stimuli produce an experimental neurosis during which the animals fail to eat in the experimental situation, Wolpe thought that he could utilize the feeding-pain antagonism to inhibit the neurotic symptoms through feeding. Appropriate experiments showed that this is, indeed, possible. He then applied this principle of reciprocal inhibition to human neuroses. He took advantage of the antagonism between aggressive assertiveness and anxiety and found a relatively rapid disappearance of anxiety when the former attitude was established.   
For the interpretation of these significant investigations, it should be remembered that reciprocal relations exist in the hypothalamus with respect to autonomic and somatic functions which are closely associated with the emotions. The feeding-pain antagonism seems to be based on this reciprocal relation between the tropho- and ergotropic systems. Furthermore, a functional antagonism exists between an aggressive attitude and a state of anxiety. Although in both emotions sympathetic symptoms are present, different autonomic-somatic patterns underlie aggression and anxiety, respectively, as indicated by the rate of the excretion of the catecholamines, the state of the muscle tone, and the Mecholyl test. The psychological incompatibility of these emotional states seems to be reflected in, or based on, this marked difference. #/15,. CONCLUDING REMARKS#

In our attempt to interpret the emotions in their physiological and pathological range, we emphasized the importance of the degree of activity of the parasympathetic and sympathetic divisions of the hypothalamic system and their influence on the inhibitory and excitatory systems, respectively. We stressed the reciprocal relation of these systems with respect to the autonomic-somatic downward discharge as well as regarding the hypothalamic-cortical discharge. Although we are still far from a complete understanding of these problems, as a first approximation, it is suggested that alterations in the hypothalamic balance with consequent changes in the hypothalamic-cortical discharges account for major changes in behavior seen in various moods and states of emotions in man and beast under physiological circumstances, in experimental and clinical neurosis, and as the result of psychopharmacological agents. In view of the important role which emotional disturbances play in the genesis of neurotic and psychotic disorders and the parallelism observed between autonomic states and psychological behavior in several instances, it is further suggested that a hypothalamic imbalance may play an important role in initiating mental changes.

#6.4. THE PRIMARY DECOMPOSITION THEOREM#

We are trying to study a linear operator ~<T> on the finite-dimensional space ~<V>, by decomposing ~<T> into a direct sum of operators which are in some sense elementary. We can do this through the characteristic values and vectors of ~<T> in certain special cases, i&e&, when the minimal polynomial for ~<T> factors over the scalar field ~<F> into a product of distinct monic polynomials of degree 1. What can we do with the general ~<T>? If we try to study ~<T> using characteristic values, we are confronted with two problems. First, ~<T> may not have a single characteristic value; this is really a deficiency in the scalar field, namely, that it is not algebraically closed. Second, even if the characteristic polynomial factors completely over ~<F> into a product of polynomials of degree 1, there may not be enough characteristic vectors for ~<T> to span the space ~<V>; this is clearly a deficiency in ~<T>. The second situation is illustrated by the operator ~<T> on **f (~<F> any field) represented in the standard basis by **f. The characteristic polynomial for ~<A> is **f and this is plainly also the minimal polynomial for ~<A> (or for ~<T>). Thus ~<T> is not diagonalizable. One sees that this happens because the null space of **f has dimension 1 only. On the other hand, the null space of **f and the null space of **f together span ~<V>, the former being the subspace spanned by **f and the latter the subspace spanned by **f and **f.   
This will be more or less our general method for the second problem. If (remember this is an assumption) the minimal polynomial for ~<T> decomposes **f where **f are distinct elements of ~<F>, then we shall show that the space ~<V> is the direct sum of the null spaces of **f. The diagonalizable operator is the special case of this in which **f for each ~<i>. The theorem which we prove is more general than what we have described, since it works with the primary decomposition of the minimal polynomial, whether or not the primes which enter are all of first degree. The reader will find it helpful to think of the special case when the primes are of degree 1, and even more particularly, to think of the proof of Theorem 10, a special case of this theorem.

#THEOREM 12. (PRIMARY DECOMPOSITION THEOREM).# <Let> ~T <be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector space> ~V <over the field> ~F. <Let> ~p <be the minimal polynomial for> ~T, **f <where the **f are distinct irreducible monic polynomials over> ~F <and the **f are positive integers. Let **f be the null space of **f. Then> (a) **f (b) <each **f is invariant under> ~T (c) <if **f is the operator induced on **f by> ~T, <then the minimal polynomial for **f is **f.> _PROOF._ The idea of the proof is this. If the direct-sum decomposition (a) is valid, how can we get hold of the projections **f associated with the decomposition? The projection **f will be the identity on **f and zero on the other **f. We shall find a polynomial **f such that **f is the identity on **f and is zero on the other **f, and so that **f, etc&.   
For each ~<i>, let **f. Since **f are distinct prime polynomials, the polynomials **f are relatively prime (Theorem 8, Chapter 4). Thus there are polynomials **f such that **f. Note also that if **f, then **f is divisible by the polynomial ~<p>, because **f contains each **f as a factor. We shall show that the polynomials **f behave in the manner described in the first paragraph of the proof.   
Let **f. Since **f and ~<p> divides **f for **f, we have **f. Thus the **f are projections which correspond to some direct-sum decomposition of the space ~<V>. We wish to show that the range of **f is exactly the subspace **f. It is clear that each vector in the range of **f is in **f for if ~|a is in the range of **f, then **f and so **f because **f is divisible by the minimal polynomial ~<p>. Conversely, suppose that ~|a is in the null space of **f. If **f, then **f is divisible by **f and so **f, i&e&, **f. But then it is immediate that **f, i&e&, that ~|a is in the range of **f. This completes the proof of statement (a). It is certainly clear that the subspaces **f are invariant under ~<T>. If **f is the operator induced on **f by ~<T>, then evidently **f, because by definition **f is 0 on the subspace **f. This shows that the minimal polynomial for **f divides **f. Conversely, let ~<g> be any polynomial such that **f. Then **f. Thus **f is divisible by the minimal polynomial ~<p> of ~<T>, i&e&, **f divides **f. It is easily seen that **f divides ~<g>. Hence the minimal polynomial for **f is **f.

#COROLLARY.#

<If **f are the projections associated with the primary decomposition of> ~T, <then each **f is a polynomial in> ~T, <and accordingly if a linear operator> ~U <commutes with> ~T <then> ~U <commutes with each of the **f i&e&, each subspace **f is invariant under> ~U.

In the notation of the proof of Theorem 12, let us take a look at the special case in which the minimal polynomial for ~<T> is a product of first-degree polynomials, i&e&, the case in which each **f is of the form **f. Now the range of **f is the null space **f of **f. Let us put **f. By Theorem 10, ~<D> is a diagonalizable operator which we shall call the {diagonalizable part} of ~<T>. Let us look at the operator **f. Now **f **f so **f. The reader should be familiar enough with projections by now so that he sees that **f and in general that **f. When **f for each ~<i>, we shall have **f, because the operator **f will then be 0 on the range of **f.

#DEFINITION.#

<Let> ~N <be a linear operator on the vector space> ~V. <We say that> ~N <is> {nilpotent} <if there is some positive integer> ~r <such that> **f.

#THEOREM 13.#

<Let> ~T <be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector space> ~V <over the field> ~F. <Suppose that the minimal polynomial for> ~T <decomposes over> ~F <into a product of linear polynomials. Then there is a diagonalizable operator> ~D <on> ~V <and a nilpotent operator> ~N <on> ~V <such that> (a) **f, (b) **f. <The diagonalizable operator> ~D <and the nilpotent operator> ~N <are uniquely determined by> (a) <and> (b) <and each of them is a polynomial in> ~T. _PROOF._ We have just observed that we can write **f where ~<D> is diagonalizable and ~<N> is nilpotent, and where ~<D> and ~<N> not only commute but are polynomials in ~<T>. Now suppose that we also have **f where ~<D'> is diagonalizable, ~<N'> is nilpotent, and **f. We shall prove that **f.   
Since ~<D'> and ~<N'> commute with one another and **f, we see that ~<D'> and ~<N'> commute with ~<T>. Thus ~<D'> and ~<N'> commute with any polynomial in ~<T>; hence they commute with ~<D> and with ~<N>. Now we have **f or **f and all four of these operators commute with one another. Since ~<D> and ~<D'> are both diagonalizable and they commute, they are simultaneously diagonalizable, and **f is diagonalizable. Since ~<N> and ~<N'> are both nilpotent and they commute, the operator **f is nilpotent; for, using the fact that ~<N> and ~<N'> commute **f and so when ~<r> is sufficiently large every term in this expression for **f will be 0. (Actually, a nilpotent operator on an ~<n>-dimensional space must have its ~<n>th power 0; if we take **f above, that will be large enough. It then follows that **f is large enough, but this is not obvious from the above expression.) Now **f is a diagonalizable operator which is also nilpotent. Such an operator is obviously the zero operator; for since it is nilpotent, the minimal polynomial for this operator is of the form **f for some **f; but then since the operator is diagonalizable, the minimal polynomial cannot have a repeated root; hence **f and the minimal polynomial is simply ~<x>, which says the operator is 0. Thus we see that **f and **f.

#COROLLARY.#

<Let> ~V <be a finite-dimensional vector space over an algebraically closed field> ~F, <e&g&, the field of complex numbers. Then every linear operator> ~T <on> ~V <can be written as the sum of a diagonalizable operator> ~D <and a nilpotent operator> ~N <which commute. These operators> ~D <and> ~N <are unique and each is a polynomial in> ~T.

From these results, one sees that the study of linear operators on vector spaces over an algebraically closed field is essentially reduced to the study of nilpotent operators. For vector spaces over non-algebraically closed fields, we still need to find some substitute for characteristic values and vectors. It is a very interesting fact that these two problems can be handled simultaneously and this is what we shall do in the next chapter.   
In concluding this section, we should like to give an example which illustrates some of the ideas of the primary decomposition theorem. We have chosen to give it at the end of the section since it deals with differential equations and thus is not purely linear algebra.

#EXAMPLE 11.#

In the primary decomposition theorem, it is not necessary that the vector space ~<V> be finite dimensional, nor is it necessary for parts (a) and (b) that ~<p> be the minimal polynomial for ~<T>. If ~<T> is a linear operator on an arbitrary vector space and <if> there is a monic polynomial ~<p> such that **f, then parts (a) and (b) of Theorem 12 are valid for ~<T> with the proof which we gave.   
Let ~<n> be a positive integer and let ~<V> be the space of all ~<n> times continuously differentiable functions ~<f> on the real line which satisfy the differential equation **f where **f are some fixed constants. If **f denotes the space of ~<n> times continuously differentiable functions, then the space ~<V> of solutions of this differential equation is a subspace of **f. If ~<D> denotes the differentiation operator and ~<p> is the polynomial **f then ~<V> is the null space of the operator ~<p(D)>, because **f simply says **f. Let us now regard ~<D> as a linear operator on the subspace ~<V>. Then **f.   
If we are discussing differentiable complex-valued functions, then **f and ~<V> are complex vector spaces, and **f may be any complex numbers. We now write **f where **f are distinct complex numbers. If **f is the null space of **f, then Theorem 12 says that **f. In other words, if ~<f> satisfies the differential equation **f, then ~<f> is uniquely expressible in the form **f where **f satisfies the differential equation **f. Thus, the study of the solutions to the equation **f is reduced to the study of the space of solutions of a differential equation of the form **f. This reduction has been accomplished by the general methods of linear algebra, i&e&, by the primary decomposition theorem.   
To describe the space of solutions to **f, one must know something about differential equations, that is, one must know something about ~<D> other than the fact that it is a linear operator. However, one does not need to know very much. It is very easy to establish by induction on ~<r> that if ~<f> is in **f then **f that is, **f, etc&. Thus **f if and only if **f. A function ~<g> such that **f, i&e&, **f, must be a polynomial function of degree **f or less: **f. Thus ~<f> satisfies **f if and only if ~<f> has the form **f. Accordingly, the 'functions' **f span the space of solutions of **f. Since **f are linearly independent functions and the exponential function has no zeros, these ~<r> functions **f, form a basis for the space of solutions.

#7-1. EXAMPLES OF BINOMIAL EXPERIMENTS#

Some experiments are composed of repetitions of independent trials, each with <two> possible outcomes. The binomial probability distribution may describe the variation that occurs from one set of trials of such a <binomial> experiment to another. We devote a chapter to the binomial distribution not only because it is a mathematical model for an enormous variety of real life phenomena, but also because it has important properties that recur in many other probability models. We begin with a few examples of binomial experiments. _MARKSMANSHIP EXAMPLE._ A trained marksman shooting five rounds at a target, all under practically the same conditions, may hit the bull's-eye from 0 to 5 times. In repeated sets of five shots his numbers of bull's-eyes vary. What can we say of the probabilities of the different possible numbers of bull's-eyes? _INHERITANCE IN MICE._ In litters of eight mice from similar parents, the number of mice with straight instead of wavy hair is an integer from 0 to 8. What probabilities should be attached to these possible outcomes? _ACES (ONES) WITH THREE DICE._ When three dice are tossed repeatedly, what is the probability that the number of aces is 0 (or 1, or 2, or 3)? _GENERAL BINOMIAL PROBLEM._ More generally, suppose that an experiment consists of a number of independent trials, that each trial results in either a "success" or a "non-success" ("failure"), and that the probability of success remains constant from trial to trial. In the examples above, the occurrence of a bull's-eye, a straight-haired mouse, or an ace could be called a "success". In general, any outcome we choose may be labeled "success".

The major question in this chapter is: What is the probability of exactly ~<x> successes in ~<n> trials?   In Chapters 3 and 4 we answered questions like those in the examples, usually by counting points in a sample space. Fortunately, a general formula of wide applicability solves all problems of this kind. Before deriving this formula, we explain what we mean by "problems of this kind".   
Experiments are often composed of several identical trials, and sometimes experiments themselves are repeated. In the marksmanship example, a trial consists of "one round shot at a target" with outcome either one bull's-eye (success) or none (failure). Further, an experiment might consist of five rounds, and several sets of five rounds might be regarded as a super-experiment composed of several repetitions of the five-round experiment. If three dice are tossed, a trial is one toss of one die and the experiment is composed of three trials. Or, what amounts to the same thing, if one die is tossed three times, each toss is a trial, and the three tosses form the experiment. Mathematically, we shall not distinguish the experiment of three dice tossed once from that of one die tossed three times. These examples are illustrative of the use of the words "trial" and "experiment" as they are used in this chapter, but they are quite flexible words and it is well not to restrict them too narrowly. _EXAMPLE 1. STUDENT FOOTBALL MANAGERS._ Ten students act as managers for a high-school football team, and of these managers a proportion ~<p> are licensed drivers. Each Friday one manager is chosen by lot to stay late and load the equipment on a truck. On three Fridays the coach has needed a driver. Considering only these Fridays, what is the probability that the coach had drivers all 3 times? Exactly 2 times? 1 time? 0 time? _DISCUSSION._ Note that there are 3 trials of interest. Each trial consists of choosing a student manager at random. The 2 possible outcomes on each trial are "driver" or "nondriver". Since the choice is by lot each week, the outcomes of different trials are independent. The managers stay the same, so that **f is the same for all weeks. We now generalize these ideas for general binomial experiments.   
For an experiment to qualify as a <binomial experiment>, it must have four properties: (1) there must be a fixed number of trials, (2) each trial must result in a "success" or a "failure" (a binomial trial), (3) all trials must have identical probabilities of success, (4) the trials must be independent of each other. Below we use our earlier examples to describe and illustrate these four properties. We also give, for each property, an example where the property is absent. The language and notation introduced are standard throughout the chapter. _1. THERE MUST BE A FIXED NUMBER ~N OF REPEATED TRIALS._ For the marksman, we study sets of five shots (**f); for the mice, we restrict attention to litters of eight (**f); and for the aces, we toss three dice (**f). _EXPERIMENT WITHOUT A FIXED NUMBER OF TRIALS._ Toss a die until an ace appears. Here the number of trials is a random variable, not a fixed number. _2. BINOMIAL TRIALS._ Each of the ~<n> trials is either a success or a failure. "Success" and "failure" are just convenient labels for the two categories of outcomes when we talk about binomial trials in general. These words are more expressive than labels like "~<A>" and "not-~<A>". It is natural from the marksman's viewpoint to call a bull's-eye a success, but in the mice example it is arbitrary which category corresponds to straight hair in a mouse. The word "binomial" means "of two names" or "of two terms", and both usages apply in our work: the first to the names of the two outcomes of a binomial trial, and the second to the terms ~<p> and **f that represent the probabilities of "success" and "failure". Sometimes when there are many outcomes for a single trial, we group these outcomes into two classes, as in the example of the die, where we have arbitrarily constructed the classes "ace" and "not-ace". _EXPERIMENT WITHOUT THE TWO-CLASS PROPERTY._ We classify mice as "straight-haired" or "wavy-haired", but a hairless mouse appears. We can escape from such a difficulty by ruling out the animal as not constituting a trial, but such a solution is not always satisfactory. _3. ALL TRIALS HAVE IDENTICAL PROBABILITIES OF SUCCESS._ Each die has probability **f of producing an ace; the marksman has some probability ~<p>, perhaps 0.1, of making a bull's-eye. Note that we need not know the value of ~<p>, for the experiment to be binomial. _EXPERIMENT WHERE ~P IS NOT CONSTANT._ During a round of target practice the sun comes from behind a cloud and dazzles the marksman, lowering his chance of a bull's-eye. _4. THE TRIALS ARE INDEPENDENT._ Strictly speaking, this means that the probability for each possible outcome of the experiment can be computed by multiplying together the probabilities of the possible outcomes of the single binomial trials. Thus in the three-dice example **f, **f, and the independence assumption implies that the probability that the three dice fall ace, not-ace, ace in that order is (1/6)(5/6)(1/6). Experimentally, we expect independence when the trials have nothing to do with one another. _EXAMPLES WHERE INDEPENDENCE FAILS._ A family of five plans to go together either to the beach or to the mountains, and a coin is tossed to decide. We want to know the number of people going to the mountains. When this experiment is viewed as composed of five binomial trials, one for each member of the family, the outcomes of the trials are obviously not independent. Indeed, the experiment is better viewed as consisting of one binomial trial for the entire family. The following is a less extreme example of dependence. Consider couples visiting an art museum. Each person votes for one of a pair of pictures to receive a popular prize. Voting for one picture may be called "success", for the other "failure". An experiment consists of the voting of one couple, or two trials. In repetitions of the experiment from couple to couple, the votes of the two persons in a couple probably agree more often than independence would imply, because couples who visit the museum together are more likely to have similar tastes than are a random pair of people drawn from the entire population of visitors. Table 7-1 illustrates the point. The table shows that 0.6 of the boys and 0.6 of the girls vote for picture ~<A>. Therefore, under independent voting, **f or 0.36 of the couples would cast two votes for picture ~<A>, and **f or 0.16 would cast two votes for picture ~<B>. Thus in independent voting, **f or 0.52 of the couples would agree. But Table 7-1 shows that **f or 0.70 agree, too many for independent voting.   
Each performance of an ~<n>-trial binomial experiment results in some whole number from 0 through ~<n> as the value of the random variable ~<X>, where **f. We want to study the <probability function> of this random variable. For example, we are interested in the number of bull's-eyes, not which shots were bull's-eyes. A binomial experiment can produce random variables other than the number of successes. For example, the marksman gets 5 shots, but we take his score to be the number of shots <before> his first bull's-eye, that is, 0, 1, 2, 3, 4 (or 5, if he gets no bull's-eye). Thus we do not score the number of bull's-eyes, and the random variable is not the number of successes. The constancy of ~<p> and the independence are the conditions most likely to give trouble in practice. Obviously, very slight changes in ~<p> do not change the probabilities much, and a slight lack of independence may not make an appreciable difference. (For instance, see Example 2 of Section 5-5, on red cards in hands of 5.) On the other hand, even when the binomial model does not describe well the physical phenomenon being studied, the binomial model may still be used as a baseline for comparative purposes; that is, we may discuss the phenomenon in terms of its departures from the binomial model. _TO SUMMARIZE:_ A <binomial experiment> consists of **f independent binomial trials, all with the same probability **f of yielding a success. The outcome of the experiment is ~<X> successes. The random variable ~<X> takes the values **f with probabilities **f or, more briefly **f.   
We shall find a formula for the probability of exactly ~<x> successes for given values of ~<p> and ~<n>. When each number of successes ~<x> is paired with its probability of occurrence **f, the set of pairs **f, is a probability function called a <binomial distribution>. The choice of ~<p> and ~<n> determines the binomial distribution uniquely, and different choices always produce different distributions (except when **f; then the number of successes is always 0). The set of all binomial distributions is called <the family of binomial distributions>, but in general discussions this expression is often shortened to "the binomial distribution", or even "the binomial" when the context is clear. Binomial distributions were treated by James Bernoulli about 1700, and for this reason binomial trials are sometimes called <Bernoulli trials>. _RANDOM VARIABLES._ Each binomial trial of a binomial experiment produces either 0 or 1 success. Therefore each binomial trial can be thought of as producing a value of a random variable associated with that trial and taking the values 0 and 1, with probabilities ~<q> and ~<p> respectively. The several trials of a binomial experiment produce a new random variable ~<X>, the total number of successes, which is just the sum of the random variables associated with the single trials. _EXAMPLE 2._ The marksman gets two bull's-eyes, one on his third shot and one on his fifth. The numbers of successes on the five individual shots are, then, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1. The number of successes on each shot is a value of a random variable that has values 0 or 1, and there are 5 such random variables here. Their sum is ~<X>, the total number of successes, which in this experiment has the value **f.

Consider a simple, closed, plane curve ~<C> which is a real-analytic image of the unit circle, and which is given by **f. These are real analytic periodic functions with period ~<T>. In the following paper it is shown that in a certain definite sense, exactly an odd number of squares can be inscribed in every such curve which does not contain an infinite number of inscribed squares. This theorem is similar to the theorem of Kakutani that there exists a circumscribing cube around any closed, bounded convex set in **f. The latter theorem has been generalized by Yamabe and Yujobo, and Cairns to show that in **f there are families of such cubes. Here, for the case of squares inscribed in plane curves, we remove the restriction to convexity and give certain other results.   
A square inscribed in a curve ~<C> means a square with its four corner points on the curve, though it may not lie entirely in the interior of ~<C>. Indeed, the spiral **f, with the two endpoints connected by a straight line possesses only one inscribed square. The square has one corner point on the straight line segment, and does not lie entirely in the interior.

On ~<C>, from the point ~<P> at **f to the point ~<Q> at **f, we construct the chord, and upon the chord as a side erect a square in such a way that as ~<s> approaches zero the square is inside ~<C>. As ~<s> increases we consider the two free corner points of the square, **f and **f, adjacent to ~<P> and ~<Q> respectively. As ~<s> approaches ~<T> the square will be outside ~<C> and therefore both **f and **f must cross ~<C> an odd number of times as ~<s> varies from zero to ~<T>. The points may also touch ~<C> without crossing.   
Suppose **f crosses ~<C> when **f. We now have certain squares with three corners on ~<C>. For any such square the middle corner of these will be called the vertex of the square and the corner not on the curve will be called the diagonal point of the square. Each point on ~<C>, as a vertex, may possess a finite number of corresponding diagonal points by the above construction.   
To each paired vertex and diagonal point there corresponds a unique forward corner point, i&e&, the corner on ~<C> reached first by proceeding along ~<C> from the vertex in the direction of increasing ~<t>. If the vertex is at **f, and if the interior of ~<C> is on the left as one moves in the direction of increasing ~<t>, then every such corner can be found from the curve obtained by rotating ~<C> clockwise through 90` about the vertex. The set of intersections of **f, the rotated curve, with the original curve ~<C> consists of just the set of forward corner points on ~<C> corresponding to the vertex at **f, plus the vertex itself. We note that two such curves ~<C> and **f, cannot coincide at more than a finite number of points; otherwise, being analytic, they would coincide at all points, which is impossible since they do not coincide near **f.   
With each vertex we associate certain numerical values, namely the set of positive differences in the parameter ~<t> between the vertex and its corresponding forward corner points. For the vertex at **f, these values will be denoted by **f. The function ~<f(t)> defined in this way is multi-valued.   
We consider now the graph of the function ~<f(t)> on **f. We will refer to the plane of ~<C> and **f as the ~<C>-plane and to the plane of the graph as the ~<f>-plane. The graph, as a set, may have a finite number of components. We will denote the values of ~<f(t)> on different components by **f. Each point with abscissa ~<t> on the graph represents an intersection between ~<C> and **f. There are two types of such intersections, depending essentially on whether the curves cross at the point of intersection. An <ordinary> point will be any point of intersection ~<A> such that in every neighborhood of ~<A> in the ~<C>-plane, **f meets both the interior and the exterior of ~<C>. Any other point of intersection between ~<C> and **f will be called a <tangent> point. This terminology will also be applied to the corresponding points in the ~<f>-plane. We can now prove several lemmas.

#LEMMA 1.#

<In some neighborhood in the ~f-plane of any ordinary point of the graph, the function ~f is a single-valued, continuous function>. _PROOF._ We first show that the function is single-valued in some neighborhood. With the vertex at **f in the ~<C>-plane we assume that **f is the parametric location on ~<C> of an ordinary intersection ~<Q> between ~<C> and **f. In the ~<f>-plane the coordinates of the corresponding point are **f. We know that in the ~<C>-plane both ~<C> and **f are analytic. In the ~<C>-plane we construct a set of rectangular Cartesian coordinates ~<u>, ~<v> with the origin at ~<Q> and such that both ~<C> and **f have finite slope at ~<Q>. Near ~<Q>, both curves can be represented by analytic functions of ~<u>. In a neighborhood of ~<Q> the difference between these functions is also a single-valued, analytic function of ~<u>. Furthermore, one can find a neighborhood of ~<Q> in which the difference function is monotone, for since it is analytic it can have only a finite number of extrema in any interval. Now, to find **f, one needs the intersection of ~<C> and **f near ~<Q>. But **f is just the curve **f translated without rotation through a small arc, for **f is always obtained by rotating ~<C> through exactly 90`. The arc is itself a segment of an analytic curve. Thus if ~<e> is sufficiently small, there can be only one intersection of ~<C> and **f near ~<Q>, for if there were more than one intersection for every ~<e> then the difference between ~<C> and **f near ~<Q> would not be a monotone function. Therefore, **f is single-valued near ~<Q>. It is also seen that **f, since the change from **f to **f is accomplished by a continuous translation. Thus **f is also continuous at **f, and in a neighborhood of **f which does not contain a tangent point.   
We turn now to the set of tangent points on the graph. This set must consist of isolated points and closed intervals. The fact that there can not be any limit points of the set except in closed intervals follows from the argument used in Lemma 1, namely, that near any tangent point in the ~<C>-plane the curves ~<C> and **f are analytic, and therefore the difference between them must be a monotone function in some neighborhood on either side of the tangent point. This prevents the occurrence of an infinite sequence of isolated tangent points.

#LEMMA 2.#

<In some neighborhood of an isolated tangent point in the ~f-plane, say **f, the function **f is either double-valued or has no values defined, except at the tangent point itself, where it is single-valued>. _PROOF._ A tangent point ~<Q> in the ~<C>-plane occurs when ~<C> and **f are tangent to one another. A continuous change in ~<t> through an amount ~<e> results in a translation along an analytic arc of the curve **f. There are three possibilities: (a) **f remains tangent to ~<C> as it is translated; (b) **f moves away from ~<C> and does not intersect it at all for **f; (c) **f cuts across ~<C> and there are two ordinary intersections for every ~<t> in **f. The first possibility results in a closed interval of tangent points in the ~<f>-plane, the end points of which fall into category (b) or (c). In the second category the function **f has no values defined in a neighborhood **f. In the third category the function is double-valued in this interval. The same remarks apply to an interval on the other side of **f. Again, the analyticity of the two curves guarantee that such intervals exist. In the neighborhood of an end point of an interval of tangent points in the ~<f>-plane the function is two-valued or no-valued on one side, and is a single-valued function consisting entirely of tangent points on the other side.   
With the above results we can make the following remarks about the graph of ~<f>. First, for any value of ~<t> for which all values of ~<f(t)> are ordinary points the number of values of ~<f(t)> must be odd. For it is clear that the total number of ordinary intersections of ~<C> and **f must be even (otherwise, starting in the interior of ~<C>, **f could not finally return to the interior), and the center of rotation at ~<t> is the argument of the function, not a value. Therefore, for any value of ~<t> the number of values of ~<f(t)> is equal to the (finite) number of tangent points corresponding to the argument ~<t> plus an odd number.

#DEFINITION.#

The number of ordinary values of the function ~<f(t)> at ~<t> will be called its multiplicity at ~<t>.

#LEMMA 3.#

<The graph of ~f has at least one component whose support is the entire interval ~[0,<T>]. _PROOF_ We suppose not. Then every component of the graph of ~<f> must be defined over a bounded sub-interval. Suppose **f is defined in the sub-interval **f. Now **f and **f must both be tangent points on the ~<n>th component in the ~<f>-plane; otherwise by Lemma 1 the component would extend beyond these points. Further, we see by Lemma 2 that the multiplicity of ~<f> can only change at a tangent point, and at such a point can only change by an even integer. Thus the multiplicity of **f for a given ~<t> must be an even number. This is true of all components which have such a bounded support. But this is a contradiction, for we know that the multiplicity of ~<f(t)> is odd for every ~<t>.

We have shown that the graph of ~<f> contains at least one component whose inverse is the entire interval ~[0,<T>], and whose multiplicity is odd. There must be an odd number of such components, which will be called complete components. The remaining (incomplete) components all have an even number of ordinary points at any argument, and are defined only on a proper sub-interval of ~[0,<T>].

We must now show that on some component of the graph there exist two points for which the corresponding diagonal points in the ~<C>-plane are on opposite sides of ~<C>. We again consider a fixed point ~<P> at **f and a variable point ~<Q> at **f on ~<C>. We erect a square with ~<PQ> as a side and with free corners **f and **f adjacent to ~<P> and ~<Q> respectively. As ~<s> varies from zero to ~<T>, the values of ~<s> for which **f and **f <cross> ~<C> will be denoted by **f and **f respectively. We have **f, plus tangent points. These ~<s>-values are just the ordinary values of **f.

#LEMMA 4.#

<The values **f are the ordinary values at **f of a multi-valued function ~<g(t)> which has components corresponding to those of ~<f(t)>. _PROOF._ We first define a function ~<b(t)> as follows: given the set of squares such that each has three corners on ~<C> and vertex at ~<t>, ~<b(t)> is the corresponding set of positive parametric differences between ~<t> and the <backward> corner points. The functions ~<f> and ~<b> have exactly the same multiplicity at every argument ~<t>. Now with ~<P> fixed at **f, **f-values occur when the corner **f crosses ~<C>, and are among the values of ~<s> such that **f. The roots of this equation are just the ordinates of the intersections of the graph of ~<b> with a straight line of unit slope through **f in the ~<b>-plane (the plane of the graph of ~<b>). We define these values as **f, and define ~<g(t)> in the same way for each ~<t>. Thus we obtain ~<g(t)> by introducing an oblique ~<g(t)>-axis in the ~<b>-plane.

#INTRODUCTION.#

In @1 we investigate a new series of line involutions in a projective space of three dimensions over the field of complex numbers. These are defined by a simple involutorial transformation of the points in which a general line meets a nonsingular quadric surface bearing a curve of symbol **f. Then in @2 we show that any line involution with the properties that (a) It has no complex of invariant lines, and (b) Its singular lines form a complex consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve, is necessarily of the type discussed in @1. No generalization of these results to spaces of more than three dimensions has so far been found possible.

#1.#

Let ~<Q> be a nonsingular quadric surface bearing reguli **f and **f, and let ~\g be a **f curve of order ~<k> on ~<Q>. A general line ~<l> meets ~<Q> in two points, **f and **f, through each of which passes a unique generator of the regulus, **f, whose lines are simple secants of ~\g. On these generators let **f and **f be, respectively, the harmonic conjugates of **f and **f with respect to the two points in which the corresponding generator meets ~\g. The line **f is the image of ~<l>. Clearly, the transformation is involutorial.   
We observe first that no line, ~<l>, can meet its image except at one of its intersections with ~<Q>. For if it did, the plane of ~<l> and ~<l'> would contain two generators of **f, which is impossible. Moreover, from the definitive transformation of intercepts on the generators of **f, it is clear that the only points of ~<Q> at which a line can meets its image are the points of ~\g. Hence the totality of singular lines is the ~<k>th order complex of lines which meet ~\g.   
The invariant lines are the lines of the congruence of secants of ~\g, since each of these meets ~<Q> in two points which are invariant. The order of this congruence is **f, since **f secants of a curve of symbol ~(<a,b>) on a quadric surface pass through an arbitrary point. The class of the congruence is **f, since an arbitrary plane meets ~\g in ~<k> points.   
Since the complex of singular lines is of order ~<k> and since there is no complex of invariant lines, it follows from the formula **f that the order of the involution is **f.   
There are various sets of exceptional lines, or lines whose images are not unique. The most obvious of these is the quadratic complex of tangents to ~<Q>, each line of which is transformed into the entire pencil of lines tangent to ~<Q> at the image of the point of tangency of the given line. Thus pencils of tangents to ~<Q> are transformed into pencils of tangents. It is interesting that a 1:1 correspondence can be established between the lines of two such pencils, so that in a sense a unique image can actually be assigned to each tangent. For the lines of any plane, ~|p, meeting ~<Q> in a conic ~<C>, are transformed into the congruence of secants of the curve ~<C'> into which ~<C> is transformed in the point involution on ~<Q>. In particular, tangents to ~<C> are transformed into tangents to ~<C'>. Moreover, if **f and **f are two planes intersecting in a line ~<l>, tangent to ~<Q> at a point ~<P>, the two free intersections of the image curves **f and **f must coincide at ~<P'>, the image of ~<P>, and at this point **f and **f must have a common tangent ~<l'>. Hence, thought of as a line in a particular plane ~|p, any tangent to ~<Q> has a unique image and moreover this image is the same for all planes through ~<l>.   
Each generator, ~|l, of **f is also exceptional, for each is transformed into the entire congruence of secants of the curve into which that generator is transformed by the point involution on ~<Q>. This curve is of symbol **f since it meets ~|l, and hence every line of **f in the **f invariant points on ~|l and since it obviously meets every line of **f in a single point. The congruence of its secants is therefore of order **f and class **f.   
A final class of exceptional lines is identifiable from the following considerations: Since no two generators of **f can intersect, it follows that their image curves can have no free intersections. In other words, these curves have only fixed intersections common to them all. Now the only way in which all curves of the image family of **f can pass through a fixed point is to have a generator of **f which is not a secant but a tangent of ~\g, for then any point on such a generator will be transformed into the point of tangency. Since two curves of symbol **f on ~<Q> intersect in **f points, it follows that there are **f lines of **f which are tangent to ~\g. Clearly, any line, ~<l>, of any bundle having one of these points of tangency, ~<T>, as vertex will be transformed into the entire pencil having the image of the second intersection of ~<l> and ~<Q> as vertex and lying in the plane determined by the image point and the generator of **f which is tangent to ~\g at ~<T>. A line through two of these points, **f and **f, will be transformed into the entire bilinear congruence having the tangents to ~\g at **f and **f as directrices.   
A conic, ~<C>, being a (1, 1) curve on ~<Q>, meets the image of any line of **f, which we have already found to be a **f curve on ~<Q>, in **f points. Hence its image, ~<C'>, meets any line of **f in **f points. Moreover, ~<C'> obviously meets any line **f in a single point. Hence ~<C'> is a **f curve on ~<Q>. Therefore, the congruence of its secants, that is the image of a general plane field of lines, is of order **f and class **f. Finally, the image of a general bundle of lines is a congruence whose order is the order of the congruence of invariant lines, namely **f and whose class is the order of the image congruence of a general plane field of lines, namely **f.

#2.#

The preceding observations make it clear that there exist line involutions of all orders greater than 1 with no complex of invariant lines and with a complex of singular lines consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve ~\g. We now shall show that any involution with these characteristics is necessarily of the type we have just described.   
To do this we must first show that every line which meets ~\g in a point ~<P> meets its image at ~<P>. To see this, consider a general pencil of lines containing a general secant of ~\G. By (1), the image of this pencil is a ruled surface of order **f which is met by the plane of the pencil in a curve, ~<C>, of order **f. On ~<C> there is a **f correspondence in which the **f points cut from ~<C> by a general line, ~<l>, of the pencil correspond to the point of intersection of the image of ~<l> and the plane of the pencil. Since ~<C> is rational, this correspondence has ~<k> coincidences, each of which implies a line of the pencil which meets its image. However, since the pencil contains a secant of ~\g it actually contains only **f singular lines. To avoid this contradiction it is necessary that ~<C> be composite, with the secant of ~\g and a curve of order **f as components. Thus it follows that the secants of ~\g are all invariant. But if this is the case, then an arbitrary pencil of lines having a point, ~<P>, of ~\g as vertex is transformed into a ruled surface of order **f having **f generators concurrent at ~<P>. Since a ruled surface of order ~<n> with ~<n> concurrent generators is necessarily a cone, it follows finally that every line through a point, ~<P>, of ~\g meets its image at ~<P>, as asserted.

Now consider the transformation of the lines of a bundle with vertex, ~<P>, on ~\g which is effected by the involution as a whole. From the preceding remarks, it is clear that such a bundle is transformed into itself in an involutorial fashion. Moreover, in this involution there is a cone of invariant lines of order **f, namely the cone of secants of ~\g which pass through ~<P>. Hence it follows that the involution within the bundle must be a perspective de Jonquieres involution of order **f and the invariant locus must have a multiple line of multiplicity either **f or **f. The first possibility requires that there be a line through ~<P> which meets ~\g in **f points; the second requires that there be a line through ~<P> which meets ~\g in **f points. In each case, lines of the bundles are transformed by involutions within the pencils they determine with the multiple secant. In the first case the fixed elements within each pencil are the multiple secant and the line joining the vertex, ~<P>, to the intersection of ~\g and the plane of the pencil which does not lie on the multiple secant. In the second, the fixed elements are the lines which join the vertex, ~<P>, to the two intersections of ~\g and the plane of the pencil which do not lie on the multiple secant. The multiple secants, of course, are exceptional and in each case are transformed into cones of order **f.

Observations similar to these can be made at each point of ~\g. Hence ~\g must have either a regulus of **f-fold secants or a regulus of **f-fold secants. Moreover, if **f, no two of the multiple secants can intersect. For if such were the case, either the plane of the two lines would meet ~\g in more than ~<k> points or, alternatively, the order of the image regulus of the pencil determined by the two lines would be too high. But if no two lines of the regulus of multiple secants of ~\g can intersect, then the regulus must be quadratic, or in other words, ~\g must be either a **f or a **f curve on a nonsingular quadric surface.   
We now observe that the case in which ~\g is a **f curve on a quadric is impossible if the complex of singular lines consists exclusively of the lines which meet ~\g. For any pencil in a plane containing a **f-fold secant of ~\g has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in **f lines, namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of ~\g and the multiple secant, plus an additional component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil. However, if there is no additional complex of singular lines, the order of the image regulus of a pencil is precisely **f. This contradicts the preceding observations, and so, under the assumption of this paper we must reject the possibility that ~\g is a **f curve on a quadric surface.   
Continuing with the case in which ~\g is a **f curve on a quadric ~<Q>, we first observe that the second regulus of ~<Q> consists precisely of the lines which join the two free intersections of ~\g and the planes through any one of the multiple secants. For each of these lines meets ~<Q> in three points, namely two points on ~\g and one point on one of the multiple secants.   
Now consider an arbitrary line, ~<l>, meeting ~<Q> in two points, **f and **f. If ~|a is the multiple secant of ~\g which passes through **f and ~|b is the simple secant of ~\g which passes through **f, and if **f are the points in which ~|a meets ~\g, and if **f is the image of **f on the generator ~|b, it follows that the image of the line **f is **f.

These societies can expect to face difficult times. As the historic processes of modernization gradually gain momentum, their cohesion will be threatened by divisive forces, the gaps between rulers and subjects, town and country, will widen; new aspirants for power will emerge whose ambitions far exceed their competence; old rulers may lose their nerve and their sense of direction. National leaders will have to display the highest skills of statesmanship to guide their people through times of uncertainty and confusion which destroy men's sense of identity. Feelings of a community of interest will have to be recreated- in some of the new nations, indeed, they must be built for the first time- on a new basis which looks toward the future and does not rely only on shared memories of the past. Nevertheless, with foresight and careful planning, some of the more disruptive and dangerous consequences of social change which have troubled other countries passing through this stage can be escaped. The United States can help by communicating a genuine concern with the problems these countries face and a readiness to provide technical and other appropriate forms of assistance where possible.   
Our central goal should be to provide the greatest positive incentive for these societies to tackle boldly the tasks which they face. At the same time, we should recognize that the obstacles to change and the lack of cohesion and stability which characterize these countries may make them particularly prone to diversions and external adventures of all sorts. It may seem to some of them that success can be purchased much less dearly by fishing in the murky waters of international politics than by facing up to the intractable tasks at home. We should do what we can to discourage this conclusion, both by offering assistance for their domestic needs and by reacting firmly to irresponsible actions on the world scene. When necessary, we should make it clear that countries which choose to derive marginal advantages from the cold war or to exploit their potential for disrupting the security of the world will not only lose our sympathy but also risk their own prospects for orderly development. As a nation, we feel an obligation to assist other countries in their development; but this obligation pertains only to countries which are honestly seeking to become responsible members of a stable and forward-moving world community.

#TRANSITIONAL SOCIETIES#

When we look at countries like Iran, Iraq, Pakistan, and Burma, where substantial progress has been made in creating a minimum supply of modern men and of social overhead capital, and where institutions of centralized government exist, we find a second category of countries with a different set of problems and hence different priorities for policy. The men in power are committed in principle to modernization, but economic and social changes are proceeding only erratically. Isolated enterprises have been launched, but they are not yet related to each other in a meaningful pattern. The society is likely to be characterized by having a fairly modernized urban sector and a relatively untouched rural sector, with very poor communications between the two. Progress is impeded by psychological inhibitions to effective action among those in power and by a failure on their part to understand how local resources, human and material, can be mobilized to achieve the national goals of modernization already symbolically accepted.   
Most countries in this second category share the difficulty of having many of the structures of a modern political and social system without the modern standards of performance required to make them effective. In these rapidly changing societies there is also too little appreciation of the need for effort to achieve goals. The colonial period has generally left people believing that government can, if it wishes, provide all manner of services for them- and that with independence free men do not have to work to realize the benefits of modern life. For example, in accordance with the fashion of the times, most transitional societies have announced economic development plans of varying numbers of years; such is the mystique of planning that people expect that fulfillment of the plan will follow automatically upon its announcement. The civil services in such societies are generally inadequate to deal competently with the problems facing them; and their members often equate a government career with security and status rather than with sacrifice, self-discipline, and competence.

American policy should press constantly the view that until these governments demand efficiency and effectiveness of their bureaucracies there is not the slightest hope that they will either modernize of democratize their societies. We should spread the view that planning and national development are serious matters which call for effort as well as enthusiasm. Above all, we should seek to encourage the leaders of these societies to accept the unpleasant fact that they are responsible for their fates. Only within the framework of a mature relationship characterized by honest appraisals of performance can we provide telling assistance. With respect to those countries whose leaders prefer to live with their illusions, we can afford to wait, for in time their comparative lack of progress will become clear for all to see.   
Our technical assistance to these countries should place special emphasis on inducing the central governments to assume the role of advisor and guide which at an earlier stage foreign experts assumed in dealing with the central governments. We should encourage the governments to develop their own technical assistance to communities, state and provincial governments, rural communities, and other smaller groups, making certain that no important segment of the economy is neglected. Simultaneously we should be underlining the interrelationships of technical progress in various fields, showing how agricultural training can be introduced into education, how health affects labor productivity, how small business can benefit the rural farm community, and, above all, how progress in each field relates to national progress. Efforts such as the Community Development Program in the Philippines have demonstrated that transitional societies can work toward balanced national development. To achieve this goal of balanced development, communications between the central government and the local communities must be such that the needs and aspirations of the people themselves are effectively taken into account. If modernization programs are imposed from above, without the understanding and cooperation of the people, they will encounter grave difficulties.   
Land reform is likely to be a pressing issue in many of these countries. It should be American policy not only to encourage effective land reform programs but also to underline the relation of such reforms to the economic growth and modernization of the society. As an isolated policy, land reform is likely to be politically disruptive; as part of a larger development effort, however, it may gain wide acceptance. It should also be recognized that the problem of rural tenancy cannot be solved by administrative decrees alone. Land reform programs need to be supplemented with programs for promoting rural credits and technical assistance in agriculture.   
Lastly, governmental and private planners will at this stage begin to see large capital requirements looming ahead. By holding out prospects for external capital assistance, the United States can provide strong incentives to prepare for the concerted economic drive necessary to achieve self-sustaining growth.

#ACTIVELY MODERNIZING SOCIETIES#

At a third stage in the modernization process are such countries as India, Brazil, the Philippines, and Taiwan, which are ready and committed to move into the stage of self-sustaining growth. They must continue to satisfy basic capital needs; and there persists the dual problem of maintaining operational unity around a national program of modernization while simultaneously decentralizing participation in the program to wider and wider groups. But these countries have made big strides toward developing the necessary human and social overhead capital; they have established reasonably stable and effective governmental institutions at national and local levels; and they have begun to develop a capacity to deal realistically and simultaneously with all the major sectors of their economies.

On the economic front, the first priority of these countries is to mobilize a vastly increased volume of resources. Several related tasks must be carried out if self-sustaining growth is to be achieved. These countries must formulate a comprehensive, long-term program covering the objectives of both the private and the public sectors of the economy. They must in their planning be able to count on at least tentative commitments of foreign capital assistance over periods of several years. Capital imports drawn from a number of sources must be employed and combined skillfully enough to permit domestic investment programming to go forward. Capital flows must be coordinated with national needs and planning. Finally, a balance must be effected among project finance, utilization of agricultural surpluses, and general balance of payments support.   
Thus, although the agenda of external assistance in the economic sphere are cumulative, and many of the policies suggested for nations in the earlier stages remain relevant, the basic purpose of American economic policy during the later stages of development should be to assure that movement into a stage of self-sustaining growth is not prevented by lack of foreign exchange.

There remain many political and administrative problems to be solved. For one thing, although considerable numbers of men have been trained, bureaucracies are still deficient in many respects; even the famed Indian Civil Service is not fully adequate to the tremendous range of tasks it has undertaken. Technical assistance in training middle- and upper-level management personnel is still needed in many cases. There are also more basic problems. This is the stage at which democratic developments must take place if the society is to become an open community of creative people. Nevertheless, impulses still exist among the ruling elite to rationalize and thus to perpetuate the need for centralized and authoritarian practices. Another great danger is that the emerging middle class will feel itself increasingly alienated from the political leaders who still justify their dominance by reference to the struggle for independence or the early phase of nationalism. The capacity of intellectuals and members of the new professional classes to contribute creatively to national development is likely to be destroyed by a constraining sense of inferiority toward both their own political class and their colleagues and professional counterparts in the West. Particularly when based upon a single dominant party, governments may respond to such a situation by claiming a monopoly of understanding about the national interest. Convinced of the wisdom of their own actions, and reassured by the promises of their economic development programs, governments may fail to push outward to win more and more people to the national effort, becoming instead more rigid and inflexible in their policies.   
American policy toward such societies should stress our sympathy for the emerging social and professional classes. It should attempt to communicate both an appreciation of professional standards and an understanding of the tremendous powers and potentialities of genuinely open and pluralistic societies. We have every obligation to take seriously their claims to being democratic and free countries; we also have, in consequence, the duty to appraise realistically and honestly their performance and to communicate our judgments to their leaders in frank but friendly ways.

#THE TIME FACTOR#

We have emphasized that the modernizing process in each society will take a considerable period of time. With the exception of treaty-making, foreign relations were historically concerned for the most part with conditions of short or at least measurable duration. Foreign policy now takes on a different perspective and must become skilled not merely at response but also at projection. American and free-world policies can marginally affect the pace of transition; but basically that pace depends on changes in the supply of resources and in the human attitudes, political institutions, and social structure which each society must generate. It follows that any effective policy toward the underdeveloped countries must have a realistically long working horizon. It must be marked by a patience and persistence which have not always been its trademark.   
This condition affects not only the conception but also the legislative and financial support of foreign policy, especially in the context of economic aid. #/2,: SOME OF THE MAJOR FUNCTIONS OF RELIGION#

The place of religion in the simple, preliterate societies is quite definite; as a complex it fits into the whole social organization and functions dominantly in every part of it. In societies like ours, however, its place is less clear and more complex. With the diversity of religious viewpoints, there are differences of opinion as to the essential features of religion; and there are different opinions as to the essential functions of religion. Nevertheless, for most of the population of heterogeneous advanced societies, though less for the less religious portion, religion does perform certain modal individual and social functions.

Although the inner functions of religion are not of direct significance in social organization, they have important indirect consequences. If the inner functions of religion are performed, the individual is a composed, ordered, motivated, and emotionally secure associate; he is not greatly frustrated, and he is not anomic; he is better fitted to perform his social life among his fellows. There are several closely related inner functions.   
In the last analysis, religion is the means of inducing, formulating, expressing, enhancing, implementing, and perpetuating man's deepest experience- the religious. Man is first religious; the instrumentalities follow. Religion seeks to satisfy human needs of great pertinence. The significant things in it, at the higher religious levels, are the inner emotional, mental, and spiritual occurrences that fill the pressing human needs of self-preservation, self-pacification, and self-completion. The chief experience is the sensing of communion, and in the higher religions, of a harmonious relationship with the supernatural power. Related to this is the fact that most of the higher religions define for the individual his place in the universe and give him a feeling that he is relatively secure in an ordered, dependable universe. Man has the experience of being helpfully allied with what he cannot fully understand; he is a coordinate part of all of the mysterious energy and being and movement. The universe is a safe and permanent home.   
A number of religions also satisfy for many the need of being linked with the ultimate and eternal. Death is not permanent defeat and disappearance; man has a second chance. He is not lost in the abyss of endless time; he has endless being. Religion at its best also offers the experience of spiritual fulfillment by inviting man into the highest realm of the spirit. Religion can summate, epitomize, relate, and conserve all the highest ideals and values- ethical, aesthetic, and religious- of man formed in his culture.   
There is also the possibility, among higher religions, of experiencing consistent meaning in life and enjoying guidance and expansiveness. The kind of religious experience that most moderns seek not only provides, clarifies, and relates human yearnings, values, ideals, and purposes; it also provides facilities and incitements for the development of personality, sociality, and creativeness. Under the religious impulse, whether theistic or humanistic, men have joy in living; life leads somewhere. Religion at its best is out in front, ever beckoning and leading on, and, as Lippman put it, "mobilizing all man's scattered energies in one triumphant sense of his own infinite importance".   
At the same time that religion binds the individual helpfully to the supernatural and gives him cosmic peace and a sense of supreme fulfillment, it also has great therapeutic value for him. It gives him aid, comfort, even solace, in meeting mundane life situations where his own unassisted practical knowledge and skill are felt by him to be inadequate. He is confronted with the recurrent crises, such as great natural catastrophes and the great transitions of life- marriage, incurable disease, widowhood, old age, the certainty of death. He has to cope with frustration and other emotional disturbance and anomie. His religious beliefs provide him with plausible explanations for many conditions which cause him great concern, and his religious faith makes possible fortitude, equanimity, and consolation, enabling him to endure colossal misfortune, fear, frustration, uncertainty, suffering, evil, and danger. Religion usually also includes a principle of compensation, mainly in a promised perfect future state.   
The belief in immortality, where held, functions as a redress for the ills and disappointments of the here and now. The tensions accompanying a repressive consciousness of wrongdoing or sinning or some tormenting secret are relieved for the less self-contained or self-sufficient by confession, repentance, and penance. The feeling of individual inferiority, defeat, or humilation growing out of various social situations or individual deficiencies or failures is compensated for by communion in worship or prayer with a friendly, but all-victorious Father-God, as well as by sympathetic fellowship with others who share this faith, and by opportunities in religious acts for giving vent to emotions and energies.   
In providing for these inner individual functions, religion undertakes in behalf of individual peace of mind and well-being services for which there is no other institution.   
In addition to the functions of religion within man, there have always been the outer social functions for the community and society. The two have never been separable. Religion is vitally necessary in both societal maintenance and regulation.

The value-system of a community or society is always correlated with, and to a degree dependent upon, a more or less shared system of religious beliefs and convictions. The religion supports, re-enforces, reaffirms, and maintains the fundamental values. Even in the united states, with its freedom of religious belief and worship and its vast denominational differentiation, there is a general consensus regarding the basic Christian values. This is demonstrated especially when there is awareness of radically different value orientation elsewhere; for example Americans rally to Christian values vis-a-vis those of atheistic communism. In America also all of our major religious bodies officially sanction a universalistic ethic which is reflective of our common religion. Even the non-church members- the freewheelers, marginal religionists and so on- have the values of Christian civilization internalized in them. Furthermore, religion tends to integrate the whole range of values from the highest or ultimate values of God to the intermediary and subordinate values; for example, those regarding material objects and pragmatic ends. Finally, it gives sanctity, more than human legitimacy, and even, through super-empirical reference, transcendent and supernatural importance to some values; for example, marriage as a sacrament, much law-breaking as sinful, occasionally the state as a divine instrument. It places certain values at least beyond questioning and tampering.   
Closely related to this function is the fact that the religious system provides a body of ultimate ends for the society, which are compatible with the supreme eternal ends. This something leads to a conception of an over-all Social Plan with a meaning interpretable in terms of ultimate ends; for example, a plan that fulfills the will of God, which advances the Kingdom of God, which involves social life as part of the Grand Design. This explains some group ends and provides a justification of their primacy. It gives social guidance and direction and makes for programs of social action. Finally, it gives meaning to much social endeavor, and logic, consistency, and meaning to life. In general, there is no society so secularized as to be completely without religiously inspired transcendental ends.   
Religion integrates and unifies. Some of the oldest, most persistent, and most cohesive forms of social groupings have grown out of religion. These groups have varied widely from mere families, primitive, totemic groups, and small modern cults and sects, to the memberships of great denominations, and great, widely dispersed world religions. Religion fosters group life in various ways. The common ultimate values, ends and goals fostered by religion are a most important factor. Without a system of values there can be no society. Where such a value system prevails, it always unifies all who possess it; it enables members of the society to operate as a system. The beliefs of a religion also reflecting the values are expressed in creeds, dogmas, and doctrines, and form what Durkheim calls a credo. As he points out, a religious group cannot exist without a collective credo, and the more extensive the credo, the more unified and strong is the group. The credo unifies and socializes men by attaching them completely to an identical body of doctrine; the more extensive and firm the body of doctrine, the firmer the group.   
The religious symbolism, and especially the closely related rites and worship forms, constitute a powerful bond for the members of the particular faith. The religion, in fact, is an expression of the unity of the group, small or large. The common codes, for religious action as such and in their ethical aspects for everyday moral behavior, bind the devotees together. These are ways of jointly participating in significantly symbolized, standardized, and ordered religiously sanctified behavior. The codes are mechanism for training in, and directing and enforcing, uniform social interaction, and for continually and publicly reasserting the solidarity of the group.   
Durkheim noted long ago that religion as "**h a unified system of beliefs and practices relative to sacred things **h unite[s] into one single moral community **h all those who adhere to them". His view is that every religion pertains to a community, and, conversely, every community is in one aspect a religious unit. This is brought out in the common religious ethos that prevails even in the denominationally diverse audiences at many secular semi-public and public occasions in the United States; and it is evidenced in the prayers offered, in the frequent religious allusions, and in the confirmation of points on religious grounds.   
The unifying effect of religion is also brought out in the fact that historically peoples have clung together as more or less cohesive cultural units, with religion as the dominant bond, even though spatially dispersed and not politically organized. The Jews for 2500 years have been a prime example, though the adherents of any world or interpeople religion are cases in point. it might be pointed out that the integrating function of religion, for good or ill, has often supported or been identified with other groupings- political, nationality, language, class, racial, sociability, even economic.   
Religion usually exercises a stabilizing-conserving function. As such it acts as an anchor for the people. There is a marked tendency for religions, once firmly established, to resist change, not only in their own doctrines and policies and practices, but also in secular affairs having religious relevance. It has thus been a significant factor in the conservation of social values, though also in some measure, an obstacle to the creation or diffusion of new ones. It tends to support the longstanding precious sentiments, the traditional ways of thinking, and the customary ways of living. As Yinger has pointed out, the "**h reliance on symbols, on tradition, on sacred writings, on the cultivation of emotional feelings of identity and harmony with sacred values, turns one to the past far more than to the future". Historically, religion has also functioned as a tremendous engine of vindication, enforcement, sanction, and perpetuation of various other institutions.   
At the same time that religion exercises a conserving influence, it also energizes and motivates both individuals and groups. Much of the important individual and social action has been owing to religious incentives. The great ultimate ends of religion have served as magnificent beacon lights that lured people toward them with an almost irresistible force, mobilizing energies and inducing sacrifices; for example, the Crusades, mission efforts, just wars. Much effort has been expended in the sincere effort to apply the teaching and admonitions of religion. The insuperable reward systems that most religions embody have great motivating effects. Religion provides the most attractive rewards, either in this world or the next, for those who not merely abide by its norms, but who engage in good works.   
Religion usually acts as a powerful aid in social control, enforcing what men should or should not do. Among primitive peoples the sanctions and dictates of religion were more binding than any of the other controls exercised by the group; and in modern societies such influence is still great. Religion has its own supernatural prescriptions that are at the same time codes of behavior for the here and now. Overwhelmed with the care of five young children and concerned about persistent economic difficulties due to her husband's marginal income, her defense of denial was excessively strong. Thus the lack of effective recognition of the responsibilities involved in caring for two babies showed signs of becoming a disabling problem. The result, dramatically visible in a matter of days in the family's disrupted daily functioning, was a phobic-like fear that some terrible harm would befall the second twin, whose birth had not been anticipated. Soon Mrs& B&'s fears threatened to burst into a full-blown panic concerning the welfare of the entire family. Inability to care for the other children, difficulty in feeding the babies, who seemed colicky, bone-weary fatigue, repeated crying episodes, and short tempers reflected the family's helplessness in coping with the stressful situation. Clearly, this was a family in crisis.   
Mrs& B& compared her feelings of weakness to her feelings of weakness and helplessness at the time of her mother's death when she was eight, as well as her subsequent anger at her father for remarrying. Her previous traumatic experiences flashed through her mind as if they had happened yesterday. On the anniversary of her father's death she poured out with agonized tears her feelings of guilt about not having attended his funeral. In the family's own words (during the third of twelve visits), they had "reached the crisis peak- either the situation will give or we will break"!   Direct confrontation and acceptance of Mrs& B&'s anger against the second baby soon dissipated her fears of annihilation. Abreaction of her anxiety and guilt concerning the death of her parents, when linked up with her current feelings of anger and her fears of loss, abandonment, and annihilation, produced further relief of tension. In a joint interview Mr& and Mrs& B& were helped to understand the meaning of a younger son's wandering away from home in terms of his feelings of displacement in reaction to the arrival of the twins. The father, accurately perceiving the child's needs, not only respected them as worthy of his attention, but immediately satisfied them by taking him on his lap along with the twins, saying, "I have a big lap; there is room for you, too, Johnnie". Simultaneously, a variety of environmental supports- a calm but not too motherly homemaker, referral for temporary economic aid, intelligent use of nursing care, accompaniment to the well-baby clinic for medical advice on the twins' feeding problem- combined to prevent further development of predictable pathological mechanisms. Follow-up visits of the nurse and social worker indicated continued success in the care of the new babies as well as a marked improvement in the family's day-to-day mental health and social functioning.   
As seen in the B& family, there must be an attempt to help the client develop conscious awareness of the problem, especially in the absence of a formal request for assistance. The lack of awareness usually springs from deep but disguised anxiety, often assuming the superficial guise of "not knowing" or "not caring". The unhealthy use of denial in the initial reaction to a stress must be handled through the medium of a positive controlled transference. In general, the approach is more active than passive, more out-reaching than reflective. While some regression is inevitable, it is discouraged rather than encouraged so that the transference does not follow the stages of planned regression associated with certain casework adaptations of the psychoanalytic model for insight therapy.   
To establish an emotionally meaningful relationship the worker must demonstrate actual or potential helpfulness immediately, preferably within the first interview, by meeting the client's specific needs. These needs usually concern the reduction of guilt and some relief of tension. The initial interview must be therapeutic rather than purely exploratory in an information-seeking sense. In this relationship-building stage the worker must communicate confidence in the client's ability to deal with the problem. In so doing he implicitly offers the positive contagion of hope as a kind of maturational dynamic to counteract feelings of helplessness and hopelessness generally associated with the first stages of stress impact. Thus, the client receives enough ego support to engage in constructive efforts on his own behalf. Here there is a specific preventive component which applies in a more generalized sense to any casework situation. We are preventing or averting pathogenic phenomena such as undue regression, unhealthy suppression and repression, excessive use of denial, and crippling guilt turned against the self. While some suppression and some denial are not only necessary but healthy, the worker's clinical knowledge must determine how these defenses are being used, what healthy shifts in defensive adaptation are indicated, and when efforts at bringing about change can be most effectively timed.

In steering the family toward ego-adaptive and away from maladaptive responses, the worker uses time-honored focused casework techniques of specific emotional support, clarification, and anticipatory guidance. Over a relatively short period of time, usually about four to twelve weeks, the worker must be able to shift the focus, back and forth, between immediate external stressful exigencies ("precipitating stress") and the key, emotionally relevant issues ("underlying problem") which are, often in a dramatic preconscious breakthrough, reactivated by the crisis situation, and hence once again amenable to resolution. Though there is obviously nothing new about these techniques, they do challenge the worker's skill to articulate them precisely on the spot and on the basis of quick and accurate diagnostic assessments. Then, too, the utmost clinical flexibility is necessary in judiciously combining carefully timed family-oriented home visits, single and group office interviews, and appropriate telephone follow-up calls, if the worker is to be genuinely accessible and if the predicted unhealthy outcome is to be actually averted in accordance with the principles of preventive intervention. In addition, in many cases, a variety of concrete social resources- homemaker, day care, medical and financial aid- must be reasonably available for the reality support needed to bolster the family in its individual and collective coping and integrative efforts. At certain critical stages, and only for sound diagnostic reasons, it may be important to accompany family members in their use of these resources if their problem-solving behavior is to be constructive rather than defeating. While expensive in time and involving a great deal of adaptation on the part of the worker (in terms of his willingness to leave the sanctity of his office and enter actively into the client's life), techniques of accompaniment were found to be of tremendous value when in the service of specific preventive objectives. Finally, whatever the techniques used, a twin goal is common to all preventive casework service: to cushion or reduce the force of the stress impact while at the same time to encourage and support family members to mobilize and use their ego capacities.   
Having outlined an approach to the theory and practice of preventive casework, we now address ourselves to our final question: What place should brief, crisis-oriented preventive casework occupy in our total spectrum of services? We should first recognize our tendency to develop a hierarchy of values, locating brief treatment at the bottom and long-term intensive service at the top, instead of seeing the services as part of a continuum, each important in its own right. This problem is perhaps as old as social casework itself. Almost three decades ago Bertha Reynolds undertook a study of short-contact interviewing because of her conviction that short-term casework had an important but neglected place in our network of social services. Her conclusion has been borne out in the experience of many practitioners: "**h short-contact interviewing is neither a truncated nor a telescoped experience but is of the same essential quality as the so-called intensive case work". Thus, casework involving a limited number of interviews is still to be regarded in terms of the quality of service rendered rather than of the quantity of time expended.   
That we are experiencing an upsurge of interest in the many formulations and preventive adaptations of brief treatment in social casework is evident from even a small sampling of current literature. Especially noteworthy is Levinger's finding that the length of treatment per se is not a reliable indicator of successful outcome. According to a number of studies, the important predictors are the nature and management of the client's anxiety as well as the accessibility of the helping person. For example, the level of improvement noted in a recent experiment with a short course of immediate treatment for parent-child relationship problems compared favorably with the results reported by typical child guidance clinics where the hours spent in purely diagnostic study may equal or exceed the number of hours devoted to actual treatment interviews in the experimental project. Of startling significance, too, is the assertion that it was possible to carry out this program with only a 6 percent attrition rate as compared with a rate of 59 percent reported for a comparable group of families who were receiving help in traditionally operated child guidance services. These reports refer to a level of secondary prevention in a child guidance clinic approached by the customary route of voluntary referral by the family or by other professional people. Similarities to the approach which I have described are evident in the prompt establishment of a helping relationship, quick appraisal of key issues, and the immediate mobilization of treatment plans as the essential dynamics in helping to further the ego's coping efforts in dealing with the interplay of inner and outer stresses. While there are many different possibilities for the timing of casework intervention, the experiments recently reported from a variety of traditional settings all point up the importance of an <immediate> response to the client's initial need for help. In some programs, treatment is concentrated over a short period of time, while in others, after the initial contact is established, flexible spacing of interviews has been experimentally used with apparent success. Willingness to take the risk of early and direct interpretation (with the proviso that if the interpretation is too threatening, the worker can withdraw) is another prominent feature in these efforts. My aim in mentioning this factor obviously is not to give license to "wild therapy" but rather to encourage us to use the time-honored clinical casework skills we already possess, and to use them with greater confidence, precision, and professional pride.   
Though there is obviously great need for continued experimentation with various types of short-term intervention to further efforts in developing an operational definition of prevention at the secondary- or perhaps, in some instances, primary- level, the place of short-term intervention has already been documented by a number of investigators in a wide variety of settings. Woodward, for example, has emphasized the "need for a broad spectrum of services, including very brief services in connection with critical situations". Ideally, brief treatment should be arrived at as a treatment of choice rather than as a treatment of chance. Moreover, the shortage of treatment resources and the chronically persistent shortage of mental health manpower force us to innovate additional refinements of preventive intervention techniques to make services more widely available- and on a more effective basis to more people. Further research in the meaning of crises as experienced by the consumers of traditional social casework services- including attempts to develop a typology of family structures, crisis problems, reaction mechanisms, and differential treatment approaches- and the establishment of new experimental programs are imperative social needs which should command the best efforts of caseworkers in collaboration with community planners.   
our literature is already replete with a fantastic number of suggestions for preventive agency programming ranging from the immediately practical to the globally utopian. Probably, in the immediate future, we will have to settle for middle-range efforts that fall short of utopian models. Increased experimentation with multipurpose agencies, especially those that combine afresh the traditional functions of family and child welfare services, holds rich promise for the future. For example, child welfare experience abounds with cases in which the parental request for substitute care is precipitated by a crisis event which is meaningfully linked with a fundamental unresolved problem of family relationships. _SENTIMENT:_ Tension management and communication of sentiment are the processes involved in the functioning of the element of sentiment or feeling. One of the devices for tension management is preferential mating. The preferential mating of this particular population has been analyzed in a separate study. The relative geographical isolation of the Brandywine population makes for a limited choice in mating. It would seem necessary that members of this population provide support for one another since it is not provided by the larger society. The supportive relations can apparently be achieved in geographical and social isolation. The newlyweds building homes on the same land with either set of parents, and the almost exclusive use of members of the population as sponsors for baptisms and weddings illustrate this supportive relationship. As Loomis remarks, "In the internal pattern the chief reason for interacting is to communicate liking, friendship, and love among those who stand in supporting relations to one another and corresponding negative sentiments to those who stand in antagonistic relations". _ACHIEVING:_ Maintenance of the <status quo> might seem to be the appropriate goal or objective of this population today. Yet, the object of the element of achieving through the process of goal attaining for this population appears to have been changed by circumstances brought about by the war. Prior to World War /2, there was a higher percentage of endogamous marriages than after World war /2,. _NORMS:_ The norms, as elements, refer to "all criteria for judging the character or conduct of both individual and group actions in any social system". The process of evaluation assigns varying positive and negative priorities or values to elements. The elements and processes become evident in a study of mate selection in this population. From the evidence "it may be conjectured that core-core marriages are the preferred unions for core males and females; core-marginal marriages still belong in the category of permissive unions; and core-Negro marriages are proscribed for core members". _STATUS-ROLES:_ The element of status-roles and associated processes have not been sufficiently investigated for this population to permit any type of conjectures about them. _POWER:_ There is some indication from a limited number of interviews with members of the population that the element of power, primarily the voluntary influence of non-authoritative power, has been exerted on actors in the system, particularly in regard to mate selection. This would seem to vary from family to family, depending somewhat on the core or marginal "status" of that family. Again, size of the group may have some influence on the strength of group controls. _RANKING:_ Interviews with members of the Brandywine population were attempted in order to discover the ranking of the various families in the population. The large majority of the interviewees placed core families in the upper positions. Loomis considers ranking a product of the evaluation process. "The standing or rank of an actor in a given social system is determined by the evaluation placed upon the actor and his acts in accordance with the norms and standards of the system". Despite the increasing rate of exogamous marriages, the population has been able to sustain, at least to some degree, the consciousness of its intermediate status in society. To some extent the system can be considered a <Gemeinschaft> in which "social-role occupancies are determined by birth, by attributes such as sex or caste, which are biologically or socially immutable". The adherence of many in the population to the Indian background in their pedigree, and emphasis upon the fact that their ancestors had never been slaves, becomes of prime interest in determining how far these elements promote the self-image of the intermediate status of the group in society. _SANCTIONS:_ The negative sanctions applied to core-Negro marriages for core members act as indicators of expected adherence to group norms. However, because of Church laws, lately more stringently enforced, which forbid the marriage of cousins closely related consanguineously, a means of facilitating the goal of in-group relations may be that of recourse to illegitimate unions. A cursory survey of available material indicates a high rate of illegitimate births occurring to parents who have a close consanguineous relationship.

#SUBSYSTEMS#

The comprehensive or master processes activate all or some of the elements within the social system and subsystems. Within the larger social system are the structural and functional subsystems. The structural subsystem, consisting of relatively stable inter-relationships among its parts, includes: _1._ Subgroups of various types, interconnected by relational norms. _2._ Roles of various types, within the larger system and within the subgroups **h _3._ Regulative norms governing subgroups and roles. _4._ Cultural values.   
In the study of marriage patterns for this group, consanguinity produces the structural system- a system of affinities- which, in turn, maintains the system of consanguinity. Subgroups of various types have been found within this system. Each family line can be considered a substructure. There seems to be an implied cultural value attached to the fact of core status within the group. Additionally, the proscription of core-Negro marriages for core families, discussed above, would seem to act as a regulative norm governing subgroups and roles. The scope of this study does not provide for the study of roles of various types within the larger system or within the subgroups. However, it cannot be presumed, informal though the structure of the population seems, that there are not well-defined roles within the system.   
The present study relates to the theory of functional systems. It is hypothesized that fertility is a function of the social system when the population as a whole is considered and a function of the subsystems when the two-fold division of core families and marginal families is considered. The four functional problems of a social system are, to some extent, solved by the subsystems within this population. By means of geographical isolation and high fertility rates, inbreeding can be fostered and the pattern of isolation from the greater society maintained. In order to attain the goal of group solidarity and to relieve tension, the high fertility rate provides more group members for mate selection, and the clustering of members in groups fosters acceptance of group controls. To maintain their intermediate position in the larger society, it is not only necessary that members of this population be "visible", but that their numbers be great enough to be recognized as a separate, distinct grouping or system in society. As mentioned above, where families are concentrated in larger numbers, group controls seem strongest and most effective. Adaptation to the social and non-social environment through the economy has been met to a degree through a type of occupational segregation. This provides the necessary contact with the larger society, while supporting a type of control over members in terms of social contacts.   
Integration "has to do with the inter-relation of parts". The problem of solidarity and morale again involves the concept of values. The values placed by the Brandywine population, upon maintaining a certain homogeneity, a certain separate racial identity, and therefore a certain separate social status, are important for the morale of the system. Since morale is closely related to pattern maintenance and integration, the higher the morale and solidarity, the better the system can solve the problems of the system. In this respect it would seem that the greater the social distance between the Brandywine population and the white and Negro populations within the same general locality, the greater the possibility for higher morale and solidarity within the Brandywine population. It is conceived that one of the means to attain this social distance is that of physical and social isolation. In turn, higher fertility rates for this population provide a means of increasing the numerical quantity of the population, allowing for the possibility of greater stability and unity. The population can thereby replenish itself and actually grow larger.

#MASTER PROCESSES#

Of particular utility in the analysis of the development, persistence, and change of social systems has been the use of the master or comprehensive processes. Loomis considers six such processes in his paradigm.   
1. Communication   2. Boundary maintenance   3. Systemic linkage   4. Socialization

5. Social control   6. Institutionalization Though undoubtedly all six processes are operative within the whole social system and its subsystems, two processes that are of crucial importance to this study will be singled out for particular emphasis: _COMMUNICATION:_ In discussing the process of communication, Loomis defines it as "the process by which information, decisions, and directives are transmitted among actors and the ways in which knowledge, opinions, and attitudes are formed, or modified by interaction". Communication may be facilitated by means of the high visibility within the larger community. Intense interaction is easier where segregated living and occupational segregation mark off a group from the rest of the community, as in the case of this population. However, the factor of physical isolation is not a static situation. Although the Brandywine population is still predominantly rural, "there are indications of a consistent and a statistically significant trend away from the older and relatively isolated rural communities **h urbanization appears to be an important factor in the disintegration of this group. This conclusion is, however, an over-simplification. A more realistic analysis must take into account the fact that Brandywine people in the urban-fringe area are, in general, less segregated locally than group members in rural areas. In the urban area, in other words, they, unlike some urban ethnic groups, do not concentrate in ghetto colonies. Group pressures toward conformity are slight or non-existent, and deviant behavior in mate selection incurs few if any social sanctions. In such a setting social contacts and associations are likely to be heterogamous, resulting in a change of values and almost necessarily, in mate selection behavior. To the extent that urban life contributes to the breakdown of the group patterns of residential isolation, to that extent it contributes directly to increased exogamy". _SOCIAL CONTROL:_ The process of social control is operative insofar as sanctions play a part in the individual's behavior, as well as the group's behavior. By means of this social control, deviance is either eliminated or somehow made compatible with the function of the social group. Examples from this population indicate that deviance seems to be sanctioned by ostracism from the group. _SOCIALIZATION:_ There is an oral tradition among the members of the population in regard to the origin and subsequent separate status of the group in the larger society. Confused and divided though this tradition may be, it is an important part of the social and cultural heritage of the group, and acts as a means of socialization, particularly for members of the rural community. The fact of Indian ancestry and "free" status during the days of slavery, are important distinctions made by members of the group. _BOUNDARY MAINTENANCE:_ "Culturally induced social cohesion resulting from common norms and values internalized by members of the group" is operative in the boundary maintenance of the group as well as in the process of socialization. The process of boundary maintenance identifies and preserves the social system or subsystems, and the characteristic interaction is maintained. As the threat of encroachment on the system increases, the "probability of applied boundary maintenance mechanisms increases".   
The fertility rate pattern would seem to be a function, though a latent one, of the process of maintaining the boundary. "Increased boundary maintenance may be achieved, for example, by assigning a higher primacy or evaluation to activities characteristic of the external pattern **h" The external pattern or external system can be considered as "group behavior that enables the group to survive in its environment **h" Boundary maintenance for this group would seem to be primarily social, as is the preference for endogamy. It is also expressed in the proscription against deviants in the matter of endogamy, particularly in rural areas. By their pattern of endogamy and exogamy, the core families and the marginal families show distinct limits to the intergroup contact they maintain. _SYSTEMIC LINKAGE:_ Where boundary maintenance describes the boundaries or limits of the group, systemic linkage is defined "as the process whereby one or more of the elements of at least two social systems is articulated in such a manner that the two systems in some ways and on some occasions may be viewed as a single unit.

A royal decree issued in 1910, two years after the Belgian government assumed authority for the administration of the Congo, prescribed the registration of all adult males by chiefdoms. Further decrees along this line were issued in 1916 and 1919. In 1922 a continuous registration of the whole indigenous population was instituted by ordinance of the Governor-General, and the periodic compilation of these records was ordered. But specific procedures for carrying out this plan were left to the discretion of the provincial governors. A unified set of regulations, applicable to all areas, was issued in 1929, and a complementary series of demographic inquiries in selected areas was instituted at the same time. The whole system was again reviewed and reorganized in 1933. General responsibility for its administration rested with a division of the colonial government concerned with labor supply and native affairs, Service des Affaires Indigenes et de la Main-d'Oeuvre (~AIMO, **f Direction, **f Direction Generale, Gouvernement Generale). Tribal authorities, the chiefs and their secretaries, were held responsible for maintaining the registers of indigenous persons within their territories, under the general supervision of district officials. The district officials, along with their other duties, were obliged to organize special demographic inquiries in selected areas and to supervise the annual tabulations of demographic statistics.   
The regulations require the inscription of each individual (male or female, adult or child) on a separate card (<fiche>). The cards, filed by <circonscription> (sub-chiefdom, or village), are kept in the headquarters of each <territoire> (chiefdom). Each card is expected to show certain information about the individual concerned, including his or her date of birth (or age at a specified time), spouses, and children. Additional entries must be made from time to time. Different cards are used for males and females, and a corner is clipped from the cards of adults, and of children when they reach puberty. So a quick count could be made at any time, even by an illiterate clerk, of the number of registered persons in four age-and-sex classes. Personal identification cards are issued to all adult males on which tax payments, inoculations, periods of employment, and changes of residence are recorded. Similar identification cards were issued in 1959 to all adult females. Each adult is held personally responsible for assuring his inscription and obtaining an identification card which must be shown on demand. The registration card of a person leaving his home territory for a short period is put into a special file for absent persons. The cards of permanent out-migrants are, in theory, sent to an office in the place of new residence. Finally, the registration of births and deaths by nearest relatives was made compulsory in most regions.   
Numbers of registered persons in four age-and-sex classes were counted each year. In addition, demographic inquiries, supposedly involving field investigations, were conducted in selected minor divisions (<circonscriptions>) containing about 3 percent of the total population. The results of these inquiries were used to adjust compilations of data from the registers and to provide various ratios and rates by districts, including birth and death rates, general fertility rates, distributions by marital status, fertility of wives separately in polygynous and non-polygynous households, infant mortality, and migration. The areas to be examined in these inquiries were selected by local officials, supposedly as representative of a larger population. Averages of the ratios obtained in a few selected areas were applied to the larger population.   
The scheme, in theory, is an ingenious adaptation of European registration systems to the conditions of African life. But it places a severe strain on the administrative resources (already burdened in other ways) of a widely dispersed, poor and largely illiterate population. The sampling program was instituted before the principles of probability sampling were widely recognized in population studies. The system was not well adapted to conditions of life in urban centers. The distinction between domiciled (<de jure>) and present (<de facto>) population was not clearly defined. So the results are subject to considerable confusion. The system tended to break down during the war, but was reactivated; it had reached the pre-war level of efficiency by 1951. In spite of the defects in this system, the figures on total population during the late 1930's and again in the early 1950's seem to have represented actual conditions in most districts with approximate fidelity. But the information on the dynamics of population was often quite misleading.

The same system, with minor modifications, was developed in Ruanda-Urundi under Belgian administration. Here again it seems that useful approximations of the size and geographical distribution of the population were obtained in this way in the late pre-war and early post-war periods.   
Before considering more recent activities, we should note another important aspect of demography in Belgian Africa. A number of strong independent agencies, established in some cases with governmental or royal support, have conducted large medical, social, educational and research operations in particular parts of the Congo and Ruanda-Urundi. The work of Fonds Reine Elisabeth pour l'Assistance Medicale aux Indigenes du Congo Belge (~FOREAMI) has special interest with respect to demography. This agency accepted responsibility for medical services to a population ranging from 638,560 persons in 1941 to 840,503 in 1956 in the Kwango District and adjacent areas east of Leopoldville. Each year from 1941 on, its medical staff had conducted intensive field investigations to determine changes in population structure and vital rates and, as its primary objective, the incidence of major diseases. Its findings are reported each year in its <Rapport sur l'activite pendant annee> **h (Bruxelles). Somewhat similar investigations have been made by medical officers in other areas. Other independent, or partially independent agencies, have promoted investigations on topics directly or indirectly related to demography. These studies vary widely in scope and precision. L'Institut pour la Recherche Scientifique en Afrique Centrale (~IRSAC) has sponsored well-designed field investigations and has cooperated closely with the government of Ruanda-Urundi in the development of its official statistics.   
A massive investigation of the characteristics of in-migrants and prospective out-migrants in Ruanda-Urundi is being carried on by J& J& Maquet, former Director of the Social Science branch of ~IRSAC, now a professor at l'Universite Officielle du Congo Belge et du Ruanda-Urundi. Some 30,000 completed schedules with 20 items (collected by sub-chiefs in 1,100 circumscriptions) have been tabulated. The results are now being analyzed.   
Statistics have been recognized as a matter of strategic importance in the Congo and in Ruanda-Urundi during the post-war years in connection with long-term economic and social programs. The ~AIMO organizations of both countries, which maintain administrative services throughout the territories, retained immediate responsibility for the collection and publication of demographic information. However, the statistical offices of both governments were assigned responsibility for the planning and analysis of these statistics. A Bureau de la Demographie (A& Romaniuk, Director) was formed under ~AIMO in the Congo, to work in close rapport with the Section Statistique of the Secretariat General. Eventually responsibility for demographic inquiries in the Congo was transferred to the demographic division of the Central Statistical Office. The 1952 demographic inquiry in Ruanda-Urundi was directed by V& Neesen, a member of the ~IRSAC staff, though the inquiry was carried out under the auspices of ~AIMO, which has continuing responsibility for demographic statistics in this territory. A member of the ~IRSAC staff (E& van de Walle) was recently delegated to cooperate with ~AIMO in the development of demographic statistics in this territory.   
The initiation of sampling censuses in Ruanda-Urundi (1952) and in the Congo (1955-57) were major advances. We will deal first with the program in the Congo though this was put into operation later than the other.   
The radical nature of the innovation in the Congo was not emphasized in the official announcements. The term <enquetes demographiques>, previously used for the supplementary investigations carried out in connection with the administrative censuses, was used for the new investigations. However, the differences in procedure are fundamental. These are as follows: _(1) FIELD WORK PROCEDURES:_ Field operations were transferred from administrative personnel primarily engaged in other tasks to specially trained teams of full-time African investigators (three teams, each working in two provinces). These teams carried out the same operations successively in different areas. _(2) NATURE OF THE SAMPLE:_ Sample areas in the new investigations were selected strictly by application of the principles of probability theory, so as to be representative of the total population of defined areas within calculable limits. In short, scientific sampling was introduced in place of subjective sampling. The populations of the various districts, or other major divisions, were stratified by type of community (rural, urban, mixed) and, where appropriate, by ethnic affiliation and by type of economy. Sample units (villages in rural areas, houses in cities) were drawn systematically within these strata. _(3) SIZE OF THE SAMPLE:_ Different sampling ratios were applied under different conditions. Higher proportions were sampled in urban and mixed communities than in rural areas. About 11 percent of the total population was covered in the new investigation, as compared with about 3 percent in the previous inquiries. _(4) QUESTIONS AND DEFINITIONS:_ Uniform questions, definitions, and procedures were enforced throughout the whole country. Data were obtained, separately, on three classes of persons: (a) residents, present; (b) residents, absent; and (c) visitors. In the reports, summary results are given for both the <de facto> (a and c) and <de jure> (a and b) populations; but the subsequent analysis of characteristics is reported only for the <de jure> population (or, in some districts, only the <de facto> population).   
These changes represent in effect, a shift from (1) an administrative compilation of data obtained through procedures designed primarily to serve political and economic objectives to (2) a systematic sampling census of the whole African population.   
The population registration system still has important functions. It supplies local data which are useful in administration and which can be used as a basis for intensive studies in particular situations. It provides a frame for the sampling census. It also provides a frame within which the registration of vital events is gradually gaining force (though one cannot expect to obtain reliable vital statistics in most parts of the Congo from this source in the near future). It is still used in making current population estimates in post-census years, though the value of these estimates is open to question. Finally, it may have certain very important, less obvious values. Even though the registers may have an incomplete record of persons present in a particular area or include persons no longer living there, they contain precise information on ages, by date of birth, for some of the persons present (especially children in relatively stable communities) and supplementary information (such as records of marital status) for many others. The quality of the census data can, therefore, be greatly improved by the use of the registration records in conjunction with the field inquiries. Furthermore, it may be possible to estimate the error due to bias in method (as distinguished from sampling error) in each of these sources, on such subjects as fertility, mortality, and migration during a given interval by using information from two largely independent sources in conjunction.

The first sampling census in the Congo extended over a three-year period, 1955-57; the results were still being processed in 1959. It is planned to double the number of teams and to make use of improved equipment in a second demographic inquiry in 1960, so that the inquiry can be carried through in one year and the results published more expeditiously. It is proposed that in the future complete sampling censuses be carried out at five-year intervals.   
Reports already issued on the sampling census, 1955-57, in various areas run as follows (using only the French and omitting corresponding Flemish titles): @.   
This report contains preliminary notes and 35 tables.

Other reports in identical form, but with somewhat varying content, have been issued for: @.   
These area reports will be followed, according to present plans, by a summary report, which will include a detailed statement on methods.

With this evidence in mind, the writer began to plan how he might more effectively educate the married students in his functional classes. Toward the end of the semester's work, he interviewed every married class member at great length. He found, as he had suspected, a general consensus that perhaps over half of the present functionally designed course was not really functional for these students. However, all admitted that the "hind sight" was not altogether lost. In their own words, it had aided them to get a clearer picture of how they had gotten into their marriages, and perhaps they had obtained some insights on why certain troubles appeared from time to time. In fact, they went so far as to caution the writer that if he attempted to design a section <exclusively> for married students there should be, at the beginning, some "hind sight" study; but they all hastened to add that certainly less time was needed on it than presently spent. All of them felt a compelling need for more coverage on areas that could be only lightly touched upon in a general survey functional course.

A few were doubtful about the merits of an exclusive section for married students. As one of them expressed it, "It has done me a world of good to listen to the nai^ve questions and comments of these not-yet-married people. I can now better see just what processes provoked certain actions from me in the past. Had I been in an all-married section I would have missed this, and I believe that this single aspect has been of great personal value to me". This comment and others similar to it, would seem to indicate a possible justification for continuing the status quo. But the weight of feeling was heavily in the opposite direction. Thus, the writer decided to hold one experimental section of the functional preparation for marriage course in the spring semester of 1960 exclusively for persons already married- that is, prerequisite: "marriage". This did not mean that married students could not enroll in other "mixed" sections, and some of them, largely because of scheduling difficulties, did. But only those already married could enroll in this one section. In addition, two other differences in the two types of sections must be noted. 1) The regular sections do not allow freshmen; this one did. This action was rationalized on the basis of a small survey which indicated that a high percentage of married freshmen women on our campus never become sophomores. Many of them appear to drop out, for one reason or another. By permitting freshman students we might extend the opportunity for such a course to some individuals who otherwise might never get to take it. This has subsequently been verified by the experience. 2) Auditors were encouraged. In the regular sections they have always been more or less discouraged. The philosophy has been that if they could find the time to attend class why not encourage them to get the credit and perhaps provide an incentive to do the work more effectively. Besides, auditors do not count on faculty load with the same weight as regularly enrolled students. But in this one section we welcomed auditors. Why? For no particular reason, other than that the writer felt it might- just might- encourage both mates to be in attendance. Many of the men on our campus have a pretty set curriculum, especially in the various engineering fields, with few electives till the senior year. Incidentally, it needs to be noted that because auditors were permitted the section began increasing in numbers each week, until at last it swelled to such proportions that this "free" auditing policy had to be retracted. After that, we began to get "visitors" to class.   
This experimental class represented quite a variety of students. It ranged from a freshman woman, just married, through the various academic growth stages, including one senior-graduate student, to a young faculty member recently married to a senior man who also attended. It ranged from those with no children, through students in various stages of pregnancy, to one 44-year-old male with four children, three of whom were teenagers. It ranged from two women members who had experienced premarital pregnancy to one couple twelve years married and seemingly unable to conceive.   
One might digress at this point and speculate that if it is "wise" to create special sections for special status, then why not a special section for women pregnant before marriage, and one for 44-year-old men with teenage children, and so on. Some of these speculations may have some merit, others are somewhat ambiguous. But few who have experienced marriage can dispute the fact that the focus of interpersonal relationships is different <in> marriage than in a pre-marital situation.   
The writer began this special class by explaining his background thinking for creating such a section in the first place. He made it clear from the beginning that this was the students' opportunity, and that the future destiny of such groups depended on favorable results from this one. He <did> build a framework of academic "respectability", and one which did not encroach upon the "sacred sovereignty" of any other existing campus course. This is to say that this was not a course in wise buying or money spending methods, nor a course in how to raise children. We already have courses covering those problems, and so on. But within that framework he allowed for as much flexibility as possible. A steering committee of students was organized on the first day whose duty it was to be alert and constantly evaluate and re-evaluate the direction and <pace> the class was taking. The writer, being cognizant through his interviews of the reactions of previous married students, did insist on there being included some "hind sight" material. But the greater part of semester time was actually centered around the attitudes "So we are married- now how do we make the best of it"? or "How do we <enrich> our already fine marriage"?

Films were used, as with all sections, but with one big difference. Our campus, unfortunately, owns no films. Since they are all either rented or borrowed, the requested dates for their use have to be far in advance. The writer never knew from week to week just where the section might be. For example, the steering committee might announce that the group felt a topic under study should not be dropped for an additional week as there was still too much of it untouched. Since the writer had established this democratic procedure in the beginning he had to go along with their decision- after, of course, pointing out whether he thought their decision was a wise or an unwise one. Thus the films seen as they came in (coordinated for the regular sections), were often out of context. Nevertheless, the writer has never experienced such spontaneity of discussion after film showings.   
Though it did not become known to the writer for some time, a nucleus group had sprung up within the class. They began to meet in the evenings and carry forward various discussions they felt not fully enough covered in class. From a few students this group gradually increased to include over three-fourths of those officially enrolled in the class, and many outsiders as well. Also, although only a few of the students were intimately acquainted with each other in the beginning, most reported that when the semester ended their dearest and closest campus friendships were with members of that class. In fact, they often revamped their social activities to include class members previously unknown.

Supplemental outside reading reports were handled just as in the other sections, the major difference being that there was a noticeably <deeper level> in the reported outside reading by the married group. These students, although they might read various articles in popular magazines, more often chose to report on articles found in the journals. In addition to the noticeable difference in outside articles, there was a considerable difference in the outside books they read. Whereas a high per cent of the regular students can be expected to read other texts which more or less plow the same ground in a little different direction, the married students chose whole books on specific areas and went into much greater detail in their areas of interest. Since the writer had not noticed this characteristic in married students scattered throughout the various sections previous to this experiment, nor, as a matter of fact, in those who were continuing in "single sections", he can only conclude that there must have been something "contagious" within the specific group which caused this to occur.

In the main, this course took the following directional high roads: 1) A great deal of time was spent on <processes> for solving marital differences. This was not a search for a "magic formula", but rather an examination of basic principles pertaining especially to all types of communication in marriage. In short, it was centered around learning how to develop a <more sensitive empathy>. Not until the group was satisfied in this area were they willing to venture further to 2) Specific adjustment areas, such as sex, in-laws, religion, finance, and so on. From here they proceeded to 3) These same areas in relation to their own future family life stages, developing these to the extent of examining various crises which could be expected to confront them at some time or other.   
As an example of this last facet, there were some lengthy discussions centered around bereavement. Mainly these were concerned with the possibility of the death of one parent and the complication of living with the survivor afterward, but the possible death of one's own spouse was not overlooked. Since the course, one member has lost her husband. This was not a particularly shocking or unexpected thing- it was previously known to her that it might happen. But just when was an unknown, and of course the longer it did not happen, the stronger her wish and belief that it might not. Since her bereavement this individual has reported to the writer on numerous occasions about how helpful the class discussions were to her in this adjustment crisis.   
Quite frequently class members brought questions from their mates at home. These were often carefully written out with a great deal of thought behind them. This added a personal zest to class discussions and participation.   
Both sexes reported that the discussions on sex adjustment within marriage were extremely enlightening. The writer sensed a much freer and more frank discussion, especially of this one area, than ever before. He felt certain for the first time in his teaching experience that the men in the class understood that orgasm, as a criterion, is not nearly so essential for a satisfying female sexual experience as most males might think. This was probably much more meaningful because all the women in the class emphasized it time and again. On the other hand, the women class members appeared to reach a far greater understanding than have women members in other sections that it is more natural for males as a group to view sex as sex rather than always associating it with love as most women seem to do.   
in the reproductive area it could be readily observed that all felt freer to discuss things than students had previously in "mixed" marital status sections. Perhaps this was related to the fact that all were in on it to some extent. Never in other sections has there been the opportunity for the genuine down-to-earth discussions about the feelings of both spouses during various stages of pregnancy. There was a particularly marvelous opportunity for study in this area since almost every stage of pregnancy was represented, from a childless couple to and including every trimester. In fact, we had one birth before the end of the course, and another student had to take the final examiantion a week early, just to be on the safe side. There was also one spontaneous abortion during the semester. Thus it is reasonable to believe that there is a significant difference between the two groups in their performance on this task after a brief "structuring" experience.   
It was predicted that Kohnstamm-negative subjects would adhere to more liberal, concretistic reports of what the ambiguous figure "looked like" as reflecting their hesitancy about taking chances. This was true mostly of those Kohnstamm-negative subjects who did not perceive the ambiguous figure as people in action. Responses such as "rope with a loop in it", and "two pieces of rope", were quite characteristic. _GUILFORD-MARTIN PERSONALITY INVENTORIES._ The three personality inventories (Guilford ~STDCR; Guilford-Martin ~GAMIN; Guilford-Martin ~OAGCo), were filled out by 12 of the Kohnstamm-positive subjects and 19 of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects. These were the same subjects who were given the Rorschach test. Some predictions had been made concerning factors ~R, ~N, ~I and ~Co on these inventories which appeared to be directly related to control and security aspects of personality functioning which were hypothesized as being of importance in differential Kohnstamm reactivity.   
Only ~Co differentiated between the two groups at less that the 5% level (**f).   
One prediction had been made about the difference in security or self-confidence between those subjects who shifted their Kohnstamm reactivity when informed and those who did not. The nonreactors had been separated into two groups on this assumption with the presumably "secure" nonreactors and "secure" reactors being used as the groups for comparative personality studies. It was predicted that those who shifted in their Kohnstamm reactivity would differ significantly from those who did not on the factor ~I which the investigators refer to as the "Inferiority" factor. All of the subjects in the Kohnstamm-negative and Kohnstamm-positive groups (as defined for purposes of the personality studies) were compared with those subjects who shifted in Conditions /3, or /4,. A ~t test on these two groups, shifters vs& nonshifters, gave a "~t" value of 2.405 which is significant on the two-tail test at the .028 level.

#DISCUSSION#

_INDIVIDUAL DIFFERENCES_ Individual differences in Kohnstamm reactivity to controlled Kohnstamm situations were found among the subjects used in the study. Only 27% (11 subjects) gave a positive Kohnstamm reaction when completely nai^ve concerning the phenomenon. There were 49% (20 subjects) who did not give a positive reaction even after they were informed of the normalcy of such a reaction and had been given a demonstration. There were 24% (10 subjects) who shifted from a negative to a positive reaction after they were reassured as to the normalcy of the Kohnstamm-positive reaction.   
Among this latter group there were also differences in the amount and kind of information necessary before a shift in reaction occurred. One subject changed when given only the information that some people have something happen to their arm when they relax. Five subjects (12%) did not change until they had been told that some people have something happen to their arm, what that something was, and also were given a demonstration. Four subjects (10%) did not change even then but needed the additional information that an arm-elevation under these circumstances was a perfectly normal reflex reaction which some people showed while others did not. At no time was it implied by the experimenter that the subject's initial reaction was deviant. The subjects were only given information about <other possibilities of "normal" reaction>. Those who responded with an arm-elevation in the nai^ve state did not change their reaction when told that there were some normal people who did not react in this fashion. This information was accepted with the frequent interpretation that those persons who did not show arm-levitation must be preventing it. These subjects implied that they too could prevent their arms from rising if they tried. The positive Kohnstamm reactivity in Condition /1, (the nai^ve state) is not adequately explained by such a concept as suggestibility (if suggestibility is defined as the influence on behavior by verbal cues). In no way, either verbally or behaviorally, did the experimenter indicate to the subjects any preferred mode of responding to the voluntary contraction. Moreover, when the experimenter did inform those subjects that there were some normal people who did not have their arm rise once they relaxed, the Kohnstamm-positive subjects were uninfluenced in their subsequent reactions to the Kohnstamm situation. They continued to give an arm-elevation. A differential suggestibility would have to be invoked to explain the failure of this additional information to influence the Kohnstamm-positive reactors and yet attribute their nai^ve Kohnstamm reactivity to suggestion. Autosuggestibility, the reaction of the subject in such a way as to conform to his own expectations of the outcome (i&e&, that the arm-rise is a reaction to the pressure exerted in the voluntary contraction, because of his knowledge that "to every reaction there is an equal and opposite reaction") also seems inadequate as an explanation for the following reasons: (1) the subjects' apparently genuine experience of surprise when their arms rose, and (2) manifestations of the phenomenon despite anticipations of something else happening (e&g&, of becoming dizzy and maybe falling, an expectation spontaneously volunteered by one of the subjects).   
A suggestion hypothesis also seems inadequate as an explanation for those who shifted their reactions after they were informed of the possibilities of "normal" reactions different from those which they gave. While they were told that there were some normal people who reacted differently than they had, they were also informed that there were other normals who reacted as they had. There was no implication made that their initial reaction (absence of an arm-elevation) was less preferred than the presence of levitation. A more tenable explanation for the change in reactions is that the added knowledge and increased familiarity with the total situation made it possible for these subjects to be less guarded and to relax, since any reaction seemed acceptable to the examiner as "normal".   
The nai^ve state, Condition /1,, could therefore be viewed as an inhibiting one for 24% of the subjects in this study. They were not free to be themselves in this situation, an interpersonal one, where there was an observer of their reactions and they had no guide for acceptable behavior. Instructions to relax, i&e&, to be "spontaneous", and react immediately to whatever impulse they might have, was not sufficiently reassuring until some idea of the possibilities of normal reactions had been given. While other conditions might be even more effective in bringing about a change from immobility to mobility in Kohnstamm reactivity, it is our hypothesis that all such conditions would have as a common factor the capacity to induce an attitude in the subject which enabled him to divorce himself temporarily from feelings of responsibility for his behavior.   
Alcohol ingestion succeeded in changing immobility to mobility quite strikingly in one pilot subject (the only one with whom this technique was tried). This subject, who has been undergoing psychoanalytic psychotherapy for five years, did not give a positive Kohnstamm reaction under any of the four standardized conditions used in this experiment while sober. After two drinks containing alcohol, her arm flew upward very freely. There was evident delight on the part of the subject in response to her experience of the freedom of movement. She described herself as having the same kind of "irresponsible" feeling as she had once experienced under hypnosis. She ascribed her delight with both experiences to the effect they seemed to have of temporarily removing from her the controls which she felt so compulsively necessary to maintain even when it might seem appropriate to relax these controls.   
Many subjects attributed differences in Kohnstamm reactivity to differences in degrees of subjective control- voluntary as the Kohnstamm-positive subjects perceived it and involuntary as the Kohnstamm-negative subjects perceived it. These suggested interpretations were given by the subjects spontaneously when they were told that there were people who reacted differently than they had. The Kohnstamm-positive subjects described the vivid experience of having their arms rise as one in which they exercised no control. They explained its absence in others on the basis of an intervention of control factors. They felt that they too could counteract the upward arm movement by a voluntary effort after they had once experienced the reaction. Some of those who did not initially react with an arm-elevation also associated their behavior in the situation with control factors- an inability to relinquish control voluntarily. One subject spontaneously asked (after her arm had finally risen), "Do you suppose I was unconsciously keeping it down before"? Another said that her arm did not go up at first "because I wouldn't let it; I thought it wasn't supposed to". This subject was one who gave an arm-elevation on the second trial in the nai^ve state but not in the first. She had felt that her arm wanted to go up in the first trial, but had consciously prevented it from so doing. She explained nonreactivity of others by saying that they were "not letting themselves relax". When informed that there were some persons who did not have their arm go up, she commented, "I don't see how they can prevent it". In contrast to this voluntary-control explanation for nonreactivity given by the Kohnstamm-positive subjects, the Kohnstamm-negative subjects offered an involuntary-control hypothesis to explain nonreactivity. They felt that they were relaxing as much as they could and that any control factors which might be present to prevent response must be on an unconscious level.   
The above discussion does not mean to imply that control factors were completely in abeyance in the Kohnstamm-positive subjects; but rather that they could be diminished sufficiently not to interfere with arm-levitation. One Kohnstamm-positive subject who had both arms rise while being tested in the nai^ve condition described her subjective experience as follows: "You feel they're going up and you're on a stage and it's not right for them to do so and then you think maybe that's what's supposed to happen". She then described her experience as one in which she first had difficulty accepting for herself a state of being in which she relinquished control. However, she was able to relax and yield to the moment.   
It is our hypothesis that Kohnstamm-positive subjects are less hesitant about relinquishing control than are Kohnstamm-negative subjects; that they can give up their control and allow themselves to be reactors rather than actors. It is our belief that this readiness to relinquish some control was evidenced by the Kohnstamm-positive subjects in some of the other experimental situations to be discussed below. Thus, this readiness to relax controls, evidenced in the Kohnstamm situation, appears to be a more general personality factor. _ANISEIKONIC ILLUSION_ The Kohnstamm-positive subjects seemed to be freer to experience the unusual and seemingly impossible in the external world. There was a significantly greater number in this group who reported a desk as being in a tilted position while a tennis ball resting on it remained stationary on the incline. This occurred in spite of the rational awareness that the ball should be going downhill. They knew that their perceptual experience differed from objective reality since they had seen the desk and ball prior to putting on the aniseikonic lenses. Yet they were not so bound by past experience and constriction as to deny their immediate perceptions and to be dominated by their knowledge of what the experience should be. The change in perceptions by some of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects, after they had been informed of the possibilities of normal reactions, suggests that their constriction and guardedness is associated with their general mode of responding to strange or unknown situations. They were able to experience at first, in terms of past conventionality. When informed as to the various possibilities of normal reactions, they were then able to experience the uniqueness of the present. It might be postulated that these subjects are unduly afraid of being wrong; that they perceive new internal and environmental situations as "threatening" until they are tested and proved otherwise.   
While the interpretations that have been given are inferences only, they gain support from such comments as the following, which was made by one of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects who did not, on the first trial, perceive the tilt illusion. _CONTROL OF SOCIOECONOMIC STATUS_ It would have been desirable for the two communities to have differed only in respect to the variable being investigated: the degree of structure in teaching method. The structured schools were in an industrial city, with three-family tenement houses typical of the residential areas, but with one rather sizable section of middle-class homes. The unstructured schools were in a large suburban community, predominantly middle- to upper-middle class, but fringed by an industrial area. In order to equate the samples on socioeconomic status, we chose schools in both cities on the basis of socioeconomic status of the neighborhoods. School principals and guidance workers made ratings of the various neighborhoods and the research team made independent observations of houses and dwelling areas. An objective scale was developed for rating school neighborhoods from these data. Equal proportions of children in each city were drawn from upper-lower and lower-middle class neighborhoods. _SUBJECTS_ Individual differences in maturation and the development of readiness for learning to read indicate that not until the third grade have most children had ample opportunity to demonstrate their capacity for school achievement. Therefore, third-grade children were chosen as subjects for this study.   
For purposes of sample selection only (individual tests were given later) we obtained group test scores of reading achievement and intelligence from school records of the entire third-grade population in each school system. The subjects for this study were randomly selected from stratified areas of the distribution, one-third as underachievers, one-third medium, and one-third over-achievers. Children whose reading scores were at least one standard deviation below the regression line of each total third-grade school population were considered under-achievers for the purposes of sample selection. Over-achievers were at least one standard deviation above the regression line in their school system. The final sample was not significantly different from a normal distribution in regard to reading achievement or intelligence test scores. Twenty-four classrooms in twelve unstructured schools furnished 156 cases, 87 boys and 69 girls. Eight classrooms in three structured schools furnished 72 cases, 36 boys and 36 girls. Administrative restrictions necessitated the smaller sample size in the structured schools.   
It was assumed that the sampling procedure was purely random with respect to the personality variables under investigation. _RATING SCALE OF COMPULSIVITY_ An interview schedule of open-ended questions and a multiple-choice questionnaire were prepared, and one parent of each of the sample children was seen in the home. The parent was asked to describe the child's typical behavior in certain standard situations in which there was an opportunity to observe tendencies toward perfectionism in demands upon self and others, irrational conformity to rules, orderliness, punctuality, and need for certainty. The interviewers were instructed not to suggest answers and, as much as possible, to record the parents' actual words as they described the child's behavior in home situations.

The rating scale of compulsivity was constructed by first perusing the interview records, categorizing all evidence related to compulsivity, then arranging a distribution of such information apart from the case records. Final ratings were made on the basis of a point system which was developed after studying the distributions of actual behaviors recorded and assigning weight values to each type of behavior that was deviant from the discovered norms. Children scoring high in compulsivity were those who gave evidence of tension or emotionality in situations where there was lack of organization or conformity to standards and expectations, or who made exaggerated efforts to achieve these goals. The low compulsive child was one who appeared relatively unconcerned about such matters. For instance, the following statement was rated low in compulsivity, "She's naturally quite neat about things, but it doesn't bother her at all if her room gets messy. But she cleans it up very well when I remind her". _MEASUREMENT OF ANXIETY_ Castaneda, <et al>& revised the Taylor Anxiety Scale for use with children. The Taylor Scale was adapted from the Minnesota Multiphastic Personality Inventory, with item selection based upon clinical definitions of anxiety. There is much research evidence to validate the use of the instrument in differentiating individuals who are likely to manifest anxiety in varying degrees. Reliability and validation work with the Children's Anxiety Scale by Castaneda, <et al>& demonstrated results closely similar to the findings with the adult scale. Although the Taylor Scale was designed as a group testing device, in this study it was individually administered by psychologically trained workers who established rapport and assisted the children in reading the items. _RELATIONSHIP OF ANXIETY TO COMPULSIVITY_ The question may be raised whether or not we are dealing with a common factor in anxiety and compulsivity. The two ratings yield a correlation of +.04, which is not significantly different from zero; therefore, we have measured two different characteristics. In theory, compulsive behavior is a way of diminishing anxiety, and one might expect a negative association except for the possibility that for many children the obsessive-compulsive defenses are not sufficient to quell the amount of anxiety they suffer. The issue of interaction between anxiety and compulsivity will be taken up later. _CRITERION MEASUREMENT_ In the primary grades, reading permeates almost every aspect of school progress, and the children's early experiences of success or failure in learning to read often set a pattern of total achievement that is relatively enduring throughout the following years. In establishing criterion measurements, it was therefore thought best to broaden the scope beyond the reading act itself. The predicted interaction effect should, if potent, extend its influence over all academic achievement.

The Stanford Achievement Test, Form ~J, was administered by classroom teachers, consisting of a battery of six sub-tests: Paragraph Meaning, Word Meaning, Spelling, Language, Arithmetic Computation, and Arithmetic Reasoning. All of these sub-tests involve reading except Arithmetic Computation. Scores are stated in grade-equivalents on a national norm. The battery median grade-equivalent was used in data analysis in this study.   
The Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children was administered to each sample third-grade child by a clinical worker. The relationship of intelligence test scores to school achievement is a well-established fact (in this case, **f); therefore, in the investigation of the present hypothesis, it was necessary to control this factor.   
The criterion score used in the statistical analysis is an index of over- or under-achievement. It is the discrepancy between the actual attained achievement test score and the score that would be predicted by the I&Q&. For example, on the basis of the regression equation, a child with an I&Q& of 120 in this sample would be expected to earn an achievement test score of 4.8 (grade equivalent). If a child with an I&Q& of 120 scored 5.5 in achievement, his discrepancy score would be +.7, representing .7 of one year of over-achievement. A child with an I&Q& of 98 would be expected to earn an achievement test score of 3.5. If such a child scored 3.0, his discrepancy score would be -.5, representing .5 of one year of under-achievement. In this manner, the factors measured by the intelligence test were controlled, allowing discovered differences in achievement to be interpreted as resulting from other variables.

#RESULTS#

_TEST OF INTERACTION OF COMPULSIVITY AND TEACHING METHODS_ Tables 1 and 2 present the results of the statistical analysis of the data when compulsivity is used as the descriptive variable. Figure 1 portrays the mean achievement scores of each sub-group graphically. First of all, as we had surmised, the highly compulsive children in the structured setting score significantly better (**f) on achievement than do similar children in the unstructured schools. It can be seen too that when we contrast levels of compulsivity within the structured schools, the high compulsive children do better (**f). No significant difference was found in achievement between high and low compulsive children within the unstructured school. The hypothesis of there being an interaction between compulsivity and teaching method was supported, in this case, at the .05 level.   
While we had expected that compulsive children in the unstructured school setting would have difficulty when compared to those in the structured, we were surprised to find that the achievement of the high compulsives within the schools where the whole-word method is used in beginning reading compares favorably with that of the low compulsives. Indeed their achievement scores were somewhat better on an absolute basis although the difference was not significant. We speculate that compulsives in the unstructured schools are under greater strain because of the lack of systemization in their school setting, but that their need to organize (for comfort) is so intense that they struggle to induce the phonic rules and achieve in spite of the lack of direction from the environment.   
It is interesting to note that medium compulsives in the unstructured schools made the lowest achievement scores (although not significantly lower). Possibly their compulsivity was not strong enough to cause them to build their own structure.   
Our conjecture is, then, that regardless of the manner in which school lessons are taught, the compulsive child accentuates those elements of each lesson that aid him in systematizing his work. When helped by a high degree of structure in lesson presentation, then, and only then, does such a child attain unusual success. _TEST OF INTERACTION OF ANXIETY AND TEACHING METHODS_ The statistical analyses of achievement in relation to anxiety and teaching methods and the interactions of the two are presented in Tables 3 and 4. Figure 2 is a graph of the mean achievement scores of each group. As predicted, the highly anxious children in the unstructured schools score more poorly (**f) than those in the structured schools. The interaction effect, which is significant at the .01 level, can be seen best in the contrast of mean scores. While high anxiety children achieve significantly less well (**f) in the unstructured school than do low anxiety children, they appear to do at least as well as the average in the structured classroom.   
The most striking aspect of the interaction demonstrated is the marked decrement in performance suffered by the highly anxious children in unstructured schools. According to the theory proposed, this is a consequence of the severe condition of perceived threat that persists unabated for the anxious child in an ambiguous sort of school environment. The fact that such threat is potent in the beginning reading lessons is thought to be a vital factor in the continued pattern of failure or under-achievement these children exhibit. The child with high anxiety may first direct his anxiety-released energy toward achievement, but because his distress severely reduces the abilities of discrimination and memorization of complex symbols, the child may fail in his initial attempts to master the problem. Failure confirms the threat, and the intensity of anxiety is increased as the required learning becomes more difficult, so that by the time the child reaches the third grade the decrement in performance is pronounced.   
The individual with high anxiety in the structured classroom may approach the learning task with the same increased energy and lowered powers of discrimination. But the symbols he is asked to learn are simple. As shown earlier, the highly anxious individual may be superior in his memorizing of simple elements. Success reduces the prospect of threat and his powers of discrimination are improved. By the time the child first attacks the actual problem of reading, he is completely familiar and at ease with all of the elements of words. Apparently academic challenge in the structured setting creates an optimum of stress so that the child with high anxiety is able to achieve because he is aroused to an energetic state without becoming confused or panicked.   
Sarason <et al>& present evidence that the anxious child will suffer in the test-like situation, and that his performance will be impaired unless he receives supporting and accepting treatment from the teacher. Although the present study was not a direct replication of their investigations, the results do not confirm their conclusion. Observers, in the two school systems studied here, judged the teachers in the structured schools to be more impersonal and demanding, while the atmosphere in the unstructured schools was judged to be more supporting and accepting. Yet the highly anxious child suffered a tremendous disadvantage only in the unstructured school, and performed as well or better than average in the structured setting. _ANALYSIS_ Analysis means the evaluation of subparts, the comparative ratings of parts, the comprehension of the meaning of isolated elements. Analysis in roleplaying is usually done for the purpose of understanding strong and weak points of an individual or as a process to eliminate weak parts and strengthen good parts. _IMPERSONAL PURPOSES_ Up to this point stress has been placed on roleplaying in terms of individuals. Roleplaying can be done for quite a different purpose: to evaluate procedures, regardless of individuals. For example: a sales presentation can be analyzed and evaluated through roleplaying. _EXAMPLES_ Let us now put some flesh on the theoretical bones we have assembled by giving illustrations of roleplaying used for evaluation and analysis. One should keep in mind that many of the exciting possiblities of roleplaying are largely unexplored and have not been used in industry to the extent that they have been in military and other areas. _EVALUATION_ The president of a small firm selling restaurant products, had considerable difficulty in finding suitable salesmen for his business. Interviewing, checking references, training the salesmen, having them go with more experienced salesmen was expensive- and the rate of attrition due to resignations or unsatisfactory performance was too high. It was his experience that only one good salesman was found out of every seven hired- and only one was hired out of every seven interviewed.   
Roleplaying was offered as a solution- and the procedure worked as follows: all candidates were invited to a hotel conference room, where the president explained the difficulty he had, and how unnecessary it seemed to him to hire people who just did not work out. In place of asking salesmen to fill questionnaires, checking their references, interviewing them, asking them to be tried out, he told them he would prefer to test them. Each person was to enter the testing room, carrying a suitcase of samples. Each salesman was to read a sheet containing a description of the product. In the testing room he was to make, successively, three presentations to three different people.   
In the testing room, three of the veteran salesmen served as antagonists. One handled the salesman in a friendly manner, another in a rough manner, and the third in a hesitating manner. Each was told to purchase material if he felt like it. The antagonists came in, one at a time, and did not see or hear the other presentations. After each presentation, the antagonist wrote his judgment of the salesmen; and so did the observers consisting of the president, three of his salesmen and a psychologist.   
Ten salesmen were tested in the morning and ten more in the afternoon. This procedure was repeated one day a month for four months. The batting average of one success out of seven increased to one out of three. The president of the firm, calculating expenses alone, felt his costs had dropped one-half while success in selection had improved over one hundred per cent.   
The reason for the value of this procedure was simply that the applicants were tested "at work" in different situations by the judgment of a number of experts who could see how the salesmen conducted themselves with different, but typical restaurant owners and managers. They were, in a sense, "tried out" in realistic situations.

From the point of view of the applicants, less time was wasted in being evaluated- and they got a meal out of it as well as some insights into their performances.   
Another use of roleplaying for evaluation illustrates how this procedure can be used in real life situations without special equipment or special assistants during the daily course of work.   
The position of receptionist was opened in a large office and an announcement was made to the other girls already working that they could apply for this job which had higher prestige and slightly higher salary than typing and clerking positions. All applicants were generally familiar with the work of the receptionist. At the end of work one day, the personnel man took the applicants one at a time, asked them to sit behind the receptionist's desk and he then played the role of a number of people who might come to the receptionist with a number of queries and for a number of purposes. Each girl was independently "tested" by the personnel man, and he served not only as the director, but as the antagonist and the observer.

Somewhat to his surprise he found that one girl, whom he would never have considered for the job since she had appeared somewhat mousy and also had been in the office a relatively short time, did the most outstanding job of playing the role of receptionist, showing wit, sparkle, and aplomb. She was hired and was found to be entirely satisfactory when she played the role eight hours a day. _ANALYSIS_ In considering roleplaying for analysis we enter a more complex area, since we are now no longer dealing with a simple over-all decision but rather with the examination and evaluation of many elements seen in dynamic functioning. Some cases in evidence of the use of roleplaying for analysis may help explain the procedure.   
An engineer had been made the works manager of a firm, supplanting a retired employee who had been considered outstandingly successful. The engineer had more than seven years of experience in the firm, was well trained, was considered a hard worker, was respected by his fellow engineers for his technical competence and was regarded as a "comer". However, he turned out to be a complete failure in his new position. He seemed to antagonize everyone. Turnover rates of personnel went up, production dropped, and morale was visibly reduced. Despite the fact that he was regarded as an outstanding engineer, he seemed to be a very poor administrator, although no one quite knew what was wrong with him. At the insistence of his own supervisor- the president of the firm, he enrolled in a course designed to develop leaders.   
He played a number of typical situations before observers, other supervisors who kept notes and then explained to him in detail what he did they thought was wrong. Entirely concerned with efficiency, he was merciless in criticizing people who made mistakes, condemning them to too great an extent. He did not really listen to others, had little interest in their ideas, and wanted to have his own way- which was the only right way. The entire group of managers explained, in great detail, a number of human relations errors that he made.   
One by one, these errors were discussed and one by one he rejected accepting them as errors. He admitted his behavior, and defended it. He refused to change his approach, and instead he attacked high and low- the officials for their not backing him, and subordinates for their laxness, stupidity, and stubbornness. After the diagnosing, he left the course, convinced that it could do him no good.   
We may say that his problem was diagnosed but that he refused treatment. The engineer turned works manager had a particular view of life- and refused to change it. We may say that his attitude was foolish, since he may have been a success had he learned some human relations skills; or we may say that his attitude was commendable, showing his independence of mind, in his refusal to adjust to the opinions of others. In any case, he refused to accept the implications of the analysis, that he needed to be made over.   
Another case may be given in illustration of a successful use of analysis, and also of the employment of a procedure for intensive analysis. In a course for supermarket operators, a district manager who had been recently appointed to his position after being outstandingly successful as a store manager, found that in supervising other managers he was having a difficult time. On playing some typical situations before a jury of his peers he showed some characteristics rated as unsatisfactory. He was told he displayed, for example, a sense of superiority- and he answered: "Well, I am supposed to know all the answers, aren't I"? He was criticized for his curtness and abruptness- and he answered: "I am not working to become popular". On being criticized for his arbitrary behavior- he answered: "I have to make decisions. That's my job". In short, as frequently happens in analyses, the individual feels threatened and defends himself. However, in this case the district manager was led to see the errors of his ways. The necessary step between diagnosis and training is acceptance of the validity of the criticisms. How this was accomplished may be described, since this sometimes is a crucial problem.   
The director helped tailor-make a check list of the district manager's errors by asking various observers to write out sentences commenting on the mistakes they felt he made. These errors were then collected and written on a blackboard, condensing similar ideas. Eighteen errors were located, and then the director asked each individual to vote whether or not they felt that this manager had made the particular errors. They were asked to vote "true" if they thought they had seen him make the error, "false" if they thought he had not; and "cannot say" if they were not certain.   
The manager sat behind the group so he could see and count the hands that went up, and the director wrote the numbers on the blackboard. No comments were made during the voting. The results looked as follows: **f.

The first eight of these eighteen statements, which received at least one-half of the votes, were duplicated to form an analysis checklist for the particular manager, and when this particular manager roleplayed in other situations, the members checked any items that appeared. To prevent the manager from deliberately controlling himself only during the sessions, they were rather lengthy (about twenty minutes), the situations were imperfectly described to the manager so that he would not know what to expect, new antagonists were brought on the scene unexpectedly, and the antagonists were instructed to deliberately behave in such ways as to upset the manager and get him to operate in a manner for which he had been previously criticized.   
After every session, the check marks were totaled up and graphed, and in this way the supervisor's progress was charted. _SUMMARY_ In life we learn to play our roles and we "freeze" into patterns which become so habitual that we are not really aware of what we do. We can see others more clearly than we can see ourselves, and others can see us better than we see ourselves. To learn what we do is the first step for improvement. To accept the validity of the judgments of others is the second step. To want to change is the third step. To practice new procedures under guided supervision and with constant feedback is the fourth step. To use these new ways in daily life is the last step. Roleplaying used for analysis follows these general steps leading to training.   
When an evaluative situation is set up, and no concern is with the details that lead to an over-all estimate, we say that roleplaying is used for evaluation. Observers can see a person engaged in spontaneous behavior, and watch him operating in a totalistic fashion. This behavior is more "veridical"- or true than other testing behavior for some types of evaluation, and so can give quick and accurate estimates of complex functioning.   
While roleplaying for testing is not too well understood at the present time, it represents one of the major uses of this procedure.

#CHAPTER /10, SPONTANEITY TRAINING#

THE OBJECTIVE OF THIS CHAPTER is to clarify the distinctions between spontaneity theory and other training concepts. In addition, the basic approach utilized in applying roleplaying will be reviewed. The goal will be to provide the reader with an integrated rationale to aid him in applying roleplaying techniques in this unique training area. The reasons for extracting this particular roleplaying application from the previous discussion of training are twofold: _1._ Spontaneity training theory is unique and relatively new.

It is not easy for the therapist to discern when, in the patient's communicating, an introject has appeared and is holding sway. One learns to become alert to changes in his vocal tone- to his voice's suddenly shifting to a quality not like his usual one, a quality which sounds somehow artificial or, in some instances, parrotlike. The content of his words may lapse back into monotonous repetition, as if a phonograph needle were stuck in one groove; only seldom is it so simple as to be a matter of his obviously parroting some timeworn axiom, common to our culture, which he has evidently heard, over and over, from a parent until he experiences it as part of him.   
One hebephrenic woman often became submerged in what felt to me like a somehow phony experience of pseudo-emotion, during which, despite her wracking sobs and streaming cheeks, I felt only a cold annoyance with her. Eventually such incidents became more sporadic, and more sharply demarcated from her day-after-day behavior, and in one particular session, after several minutes of such behavior- which, as usual, went on without any accompanying words from her- she asked, eagerly, "Did you see Granny"? At first I did not know what she meant; I thought she must be seeing me as some one who had just come from seeing her grandmother, in their distant home-city. Then I realized that she had been deliberately showing me, this time, what Granny was like; and when I replied in this spirit, she corroborated my hunch.

At another phase in the therapy, when a pathogenic mother-introject began to emerge more and more upon the investigative scene, she muttered in a low but intense voice, to herself, "I hate that woman inside me"! I could evoke no further elaboration from her about this; but a few seconds later she was standing directly across the room from me, looking me in the eyes and saying in a scathingly condemnatory tone, "Your father despises you"! Again, I at first misconstrued this disconcertingly intense communication, and I quickly cast through my mind to account for her being able to speak, with such utter conviction, of an opinion held by my father, now several years deceased. Then I replied, coldly, "If you despise me, why don't you say so, directly"? She looked confused at this, and I felt sure it had been a wrong response for me to make. It then occurred to me to ask, "Is that what that woman told you"? She clearly agreed that this had been the case. I realized, now, that she had been showing me, in what impressed me as being a very accurate way, something her mother had once said to her; it was as if she was showing me one of the reasons why she hated that woman inside her. What had been an unmanageably powerful introject was now, despite its continuing charge of energy disconcerting to me, sufficiently within control of her ego that she could use it to show me what this introjected mother was like.

Earlier, this woman had been so filled with a chaotic variety of introjects that at times, when she was in her room alone, it would sound to a passerby as though there were several different persons in the room, as she would vocalize in various kinds of voice. A somewhat less fragmented hebephrenic patient of mine, who used to often seclude herself in her room, often sounded through the closed door- as I would find on passing by, between our sessions- for all the world like two persons, a scolding mother and a defensive child.   
Particularly hard for the therapist to grasp are those instances in which the patient is manifesting an introject traceable to something in the therapist, some aspect of the therapist of which the latter is himself only poorly aware, and the recognition of which, as a part of himself, he finds distinctly unwelcome. I have found, time and again, that some bit of particularly annoying and intractable behavior on the part of a patient rests, in the final analysis, on this basis; and only when I can acknowledge this, to myself, as being indeed an aspect of my personality, does it cease to be a prominently troublesome aspect of the patient's behavior. For example, one hebephrenic man used to annoy me, month after month, by saying, whenever I got up to leave and made my fairly steoreotyped comment that I would be seeing him on the following day, or whenever, "You're welcome", in a notably condescending fashion- as though it were his due for me to thank him for the privilege of spending the hour with him, and he were thus pointing up my failure to utter a humbly grateful, "thank you" to him at the end of each session. Eventually it became clear to me, partly with the aid of another schizophrenic patient who could point out my condescension to me somewhat more directly, that this man, with his condescending, "You're welcome", was very accurately personifying an element of obnoxious condescension which had been present in my own demeanor, over these months, on each of these occasions when I had bid him good-bye with the consoling note, each time, that the healing Christ would be stooping to dispense this succor to the poor suffered again on the morrow.   
Another patient, a paranoid woman, for many months infuriated not only me but the ward-personnel and her fellow patients by arrogantly behaving as though she owned the whole building, as though she were the only person in it whose needs were to be met. This behavior on her part subsided only after I had come to see the uncomfortably close similarity between, on the one hand, her arranging the ventilation of the common living room to her own liking, or turning the television off or on without regard to the wishes of the others, and on the other hand, my own coming stolidly into her room despite her persistent and vociferous objections, bringing my big easy chair with me, usually shutting the windows of her room which she preferred to keep in a very cold state, and plunking myself down in my chair- in short, behaving as if I owned her room.

#4. CONDENSATION:#

Here a variety of meanings and emotions are concentrated, or reduced, in their communicative expression, to some comparatively simple-seeming verbal or nonverbal statement.   
One finds, for example, that a terse and stereotyped verbal expression, seeming at first to be a mere hollow convention, reveals itself over the months of therapy as the vehicle for expressing the most varied and intense feelings, and the most unconventional of meanings. More than anything, it is the therapist's intuitive sensing of these latent meanings in the stereotype which helps these meanings to become revealed, something like a spread-out deck of cards, on sporadic occasions over the passage of the patient's and his months of work together. one cannot assume, of course, that all these accumulated meanings were inherent in the stereotype at the beginning of the therapy, or at any one time later on when the stereotype was uttered; probably it is correct to think of it as a matter of a well-grooved, stereotyped mode of expression- and no, or but a few, other communicational grooves, as yet- being <there>, available for the patient's use, as newly-emerging emotions and ideas well up in him over the course of months. But it is true that the therapist can sense, when he hears this stereotype, that there are at this moment many emotional determinants at work in it, a blurred babel of indistinct voices which have yet to become clearly delineated from one another.   
Sometimes it is not a verbal stereotype- a "How are you now"? or an "I want to go home", or whatever- but a nonverbal one which reveals itself, gradually, as the condensed expression of more than one latent meaning. A hebephrenic man used to give a repetitious wave of his hand a number of times during his largely-silent hours with his therapist. When the therapist came to feel on sufficiently sure ground with him to ask him, "What is that, Bill- hello or farewell"?, the patient replied, "Both, Dearie- two in one".   
Of all the possible forms of nonverbal expression, that which seems best to give release, and communicational expression, to complex and undifferentiated feelings is laughter. It is no coincidence that the hebephrenic patient, the most severely dedifferentiated of all schizophrenic patients, shows, as one of his characteristic symptoms, laughter- laughter which now makes one feel scorned or hated, which now makes one feel like weeping, or which now gives one a glimpse of the bleak and empty expanse of man's despair; and which, more often than all these, conveys a <welter> of feelings which could in no way be conveyed by any number of words, words which are so unlike this welter in being formed and discrete from one another. To a much less full extent, the hebephrenic person's belching or flatus has a comparable communicative function; in working with these patients the therapist eventually gets to do some at least private mulling over of the possible meaning of a belch, or the passage of flatus, not only because he is reduced to this for lack of anything else to analyze, but also because he learns that even these animal-like sounds constitute forms of communication in which, from time to time, quite different things are being said, long before the patient can become sufficiently aware of these, as distinct feelings and concepts, to say them in words.   
As I have been intimating, in the schizophrenic- and perhaps also in the dreams of the neurotic; this is a question which I have no wish to take up- condensation is a phenomenon in which one finds not a condensed expression of various feelings and ideas which are, at an unconscious level, well sorted out, but rather a condensed expression of feelings and ideas which, even in the unconscious, have yet to become well differentiated from one another. Freeman, Cameron and McGhie, in their description of the disturbances of thinking found in chronic schizophrenic patients, say, in regard to condensation, that "**h the lack of adequate discrimination between the self and the environment, and the objects contained therein **h in itself is the prototypical condensation".   
In my experience, a great many of the patient's more puzzling verbal communications are so for the reason that concrete meanings have not become differentiated from figurative meanings in his subjective experience. Thus he may be referring to some concrete thing, or incident, in his immediate environment by some symbolic-sounding, hyperbolic reference to transcendental events on the global scene. Recently, for example, a paranoid woman's large-scale philosophizing, in the session, about the intrusive curiosity which has become, in her opinion, a deplorable characteristic of mid-twentieth-century human culture, developed itself, before the end of the session, into a suspicion that I was surreptitiously peeking at her partially exposed breast, as indeed I was. Or, equally often, a concretistic-seeming, particularistic-seeming statement may consist, with its mundane exterior, in a form of poetry- may be full of meaning and emotion when interpreted as a figurative expression: a metaphor, a smile, an allegory, or some other symbolic mode of speaking.

Of such hidden meanings the patient himself is, more often than not, entirely unaware. His subjective experience may be a remarkably concretistic one. One hebephrenic women confided to me, "I live in a world of words", as if, to her, words were fully concrete objects; Burnham, in his excellent article (1955) concerning schizophrenic communication, includes mention of similar clinical material. A borderline schizophrenic young man told me that to him the various theoretical concepts about which he had been expounding, in a most articulate fashion, during session after session with me, were like great cubes of almost tangibly solid matter up in the air above him; as he spoke I was reminded of the great bales of cargo which are swung, high in the air, from a docked steamship.

The many linguistic techniques for reducing the amount of dictionary information that have been proposed all organize the dictionary's contents around prefixes, stems, suffixes, etc&. A significant reduction in the voume of store information is thus realized, especially for a highly inflected language such as Russian. For English the reduction in size is less striking. This approach requires that: (1) each text word be separated into smaller elements to establish a correspondence between the occurrence and dictionary entries, and (2) the information retrieved from several entries in the dictionary be synthesized into a description of the particular word. The logical scheme used to accomplish the former influences the placement of information in the dictionary file. Implementation of the latter requires storage of information needed only for synthesis.   
We suggest the application of certain data-processing techniques as a solution to the problem. But first, we must define two terms so that their meaning will be clearly understood: _1._ <form>- any unique sequence of alphabetic characters that can appear in a language preceded and followed by a space. _2._ <occurrence>- an instance of a form in text.

We propose a method for selecting only dictionary information required by the text being translated and a means for passing the information directly to the occurrences in text. We accomplish this by compiling a list of text forms as text is read by the computer. A random-storage scheme, based on the spelling of forms, provides an economical way to compile this text-form list. Dictionary forms found to match forms in the text list are marked. A location in the computer store is also named for each marked form; dictionary information about the form stored at this location can be retrieved directly by occurrences of the form in text. Finally, information is retrieved from the dictionary as required by stages of the translation process- the grammatic description for sentence-structure determination, equivalent-choice information for semantic analysis, and target-language equivalents for output construction.   
The dictionary is a form dictionary, at least in the sense that complete forms are used as the basis for matching text occurrences with dictionary entries. Also, the dictionary is divided into at least two parts: the list of dictionary forms and the file of information that pertains to these forms. A more detailed description of dictionary operations- text lookup and dictionary modification- give a clearer picture.   
Text lookup, as we will describe it, consists of three steps. The first is compiling a list of text forms, assigning an information cell to each, and replacing text occurrences with the information cell assigned to the form of each occurrence. For this step the computer memory is separated into three regions: cells in the ~W-region are used for storage of the forms in the text-form list; cells in the ~X-region and ~Y region are reserved as information cells for text forms.   
When an occurrence **f is isolated during text reading, a random memory address **f, the address of a cell in the ~X-region, is computed from the form of **f. Let **f denote the form of **f. If cell **f has not previously been assigned as the information cell of a form in the text-form list, it is now assigned as the information cell of **f. The form itself is stored in the next available cells of the ~W-region, beginning in cell **f. The address **f and the number of cells required to store the form are written in **f; the information cell **f is saved to represent the text occurrence. Text reading continues with the next occurrence.   
Let us assume that **f is identical to the form of an occurrence **f which preceded **f in the text. When this situation exists, the address **f will equal **f which was produced from **f. If **f was assigned as the information cell for **f, the routine can detect that **f is identical to **f by comparing **f with the form stored at location **f. The address **f is stored in the cell **f. When, as in this case, the two forms match, the address **f is saved to represent the occurrence **f. Text reading continues with the next occurrence.

A third situation is possible. The formula for computing random addresses from the form of each occurrence will not give a distinct address for each distinct form. Thus, when more than one distinct form leads to a particular cell in the ~X-region, a chain of information cells must be created to accommodate the forms, one cell in the chain for each form. If **f leads to an address **f that is equal to the address computed from **f, even though **f does not match **f, the chain of information cells is extended from **f by storing the address of the next available cell in the ~Y-region, **f, in **f. The cell **f becomes the second information cell in the chain and is assigned as the information cell of **f. A third cell can be added by storing the address of another ~Y-cell in **f; similarly, as many cells are added as are required. Each information cell in the chain contains the address of the ~Y-cell where the form to which it is assigned is stored. Each cell except the last in the chain also contains the address of the ~Y-cell that is the next element of the chain; the absence of such a link in the last cell indicates the end of the chain. Hence, when the address **f is computed from **f, the cell **f and all ~Y-cells in its chain must be inspected to determine whether **f is already in the form list or whether it should be added to the form list and the chain. When the information cell for **f has been determined, it is saved as a representation of **f. Text reading continues with the next occurrence.   
Text reading is terminated when a pre-determined number of forms have been stored in the text-form list. This initiates the second step of glossary lookup- connecting the information cell of forms in the text-form list to dictionary forms. Each form represented by the dictionary is looked up in the text-form list. Each time a dictionary form matches a text form, the information cell of the matching text form is saved. The number of dictionary forms skipped since the last one matched is also saved. These two pieces of information for each dictionary form that is matched by a text form constitute the table of dictionary usage. If each text form is marked when matched with a dictionary form, the text forms not contained in the dictionary can be identified when all dictionary forms have been read. The appropriate action for handling these forms can be taken at that time.   
Each dictionary form is looked up in the text-form list by the same method used to look up a new text occurrence in the form list during text reading. A random address **f that lies within the ~X-region of memory mentioned earlier is computed from the ~i-th dictionary form. If cell **f is an information cell, it and any information cells in the ~Y-region that have been linked to **f each contain an address in the ~W-region where a potentially matching form is stored. The dictionary form is compared with each of these text forms. When a match is found, an entry is made in the table of dictionary usage. If cell **f is not an information cell we conclude that the ~i-th dictionary form is not in the text list.   
These two steps essentially complete the lookup operation. The final step merely uses the table of dictionary usage to select the dictionary information that pertains to each form matched in the text-form list, and uses the list of information cells recorded in text order to attach the appropriate information to each occurrence in text. The list of text forms in the ~W-region of memory and the contents of the information cells in the ~X and ~Y-regions are no longer required. Only the assignment of the information cells is important.   
The first stage of translation after glossary lookup is structural analysis of the input text. The grammatical description of each occurrence in the text must be retrieved from the dictionary to permit such an analysis. A description of this process will serve to illustrate how any type of information can be retrieved from the dictionary and attached to each text occurrence.   
The grammatic descriptions of all forms in the dictionary are recorded in a separate part of the dictionary file. The order is identical to the ordering of the forms they describe. When entries are being retrieved from this file, the table of dictionary usage indicates which entries to skip and which entries to store in the computer. This selection-rejection process takes place as the file is read. Each entry that is selected for storage is written into the next available cells of the ~W-region. The address of the first cell and the number of cells used is written in the information cell for the form. (The address of the information cell is also supplied by the table of dictionary usage.) When the complete file has been read, the grammatic descriptions for all text forms found in the dictionary have been stored in the ~W-region; the information cell assigned to each text form contains the address of the grammatic description of the form it represents. Hence, the description of each text occurrence can be retrieved by reading the list of text-ordered information-cell addresses and outputting the description indicated by the information cell for each occurrence.   
The only requirements on dictionary information made by the text-lookup operation are that each form represented by the dictionary be available for lookup in the text-form list and that information for each form be available in a sequence identical with the sequence of the forms. This leaves the ordering of entries variable. (Here an entry is a form plus the information that pertains to it.)   Two very useful ways for modifying a form-dictionary are the addition to the dictionary of complete paradigms rather than single forms and the application of a single change to more than one dictionary form. The former is intended to decrease the amount of work necessary to extend dictionary coverage. The latter is useful for modifying information about some or all forms of a word, hence reducing the work required to improve dictionary contents. Applying the techniques developed at Harvard for generating a paradigm from a representative form and its classification, we can add all forms of a word to the dictionary at once. An extension of the principle would permit entering a grammatic description of each form. Equivalents could be assigned to the paradigm either at the time it is added to the dictionary or after the word has been studied in context. Thus, one can think of a dictionary entry as a word rather than a form.   
If all forms of a paradigm are grouped together within the dictionary, a considerable reduction in the amount of information required is possible. For example, the inflected forms of a word can be represented, insofar as regular inflection allows, by a stem and a set of endings to be attached. (Indeed, the set of endings can be replaced by the <name> of a set of endings.) The full forms can be derived from such information just prior to the lookup of the form in the text-form list. Similarly, if the equivalents for the forms of a word do not vary, the equivalents need be entered only once with an indication that they apply to each form. The dictionary system is in no way dependent upon such summarization or designed around it. When irregularity and variation prevent summarizing, information is written in complete detail. Entries are summarized only when by doing so the amount of information retained in the dictionary is reduced and the time required for dictionary operations is decreased. In sentences, patterns of stress are determined by complex combinations of influences that can only be suggested here. The tendency is toward putting dominant stress at the end. There is a parallel to this tendency in the assignment of time in long-known hymn tunes. Thus the first lines of one of Charles Wesley's hymns are as follows. "A charge to keep I have, A God to glorify". In the tune to which this hymn is most often sung, "Boylston", the syllables <have> and <fy>, ending their lines, have twice the time any other syllables have. Dominant stress is of course more than extended duration, and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone: a dominant stress given to <glorify> would normally center on its first syllable rather than its last. But the parallel is significant. When the answer to <what's wrong now?> is <Bill's broken a chair>, dominant stress will usually be on the complement <a chair>. From the point of view of syntactic analysis the head word in the statement is the predicator <has broken>, and from the point of view of meaning it would seem that the trouble centers in the breaking; but dominant stress will be assigned to <broken> only in rather exceptional versions of the sentence. In <I know one thing> dominant stress will usually be on the complement <one thing>; in <one thing I know> it will usually be on the predicator <know>. In <small-town people are very friendly> dominant stress will generally be on the complement <very friendly>; in the double sentence <the smaller the town, the friendlier the people> it will generally be on the subjects <the town> and <the people>. In <what's a linguist?> dominant stress will generally be on the subject <a linguist>; in <who's a linguist?> it will generally be on the complement <a linguist>. Dominant stress is on <her luggage> both in <that's her luggage>, where <her luggage> is the complement, and in <there's her luggage>, where it is the subject. Adverbial second complements, however, are likely not to have dominant stress when they terminate sentences. If the answer to <what was that noise?> is <George put the cat out>, dominant stress will ordinarily be on the first complement, <the cat>, not the second complement <out>. Final adjuncts may or may not have dominant stress. If the answer to <what was that noise?> is <George reads the news emotionally>, dominant stress may or may not be on the adjunct <emotionally>. When prepositional complements are divided as in <what are you looking for?> they are likely to lose dominant stress.   
Context is of extreme importance. What is new in the context is likely to be made more prominent than what is not. Thus in a context in which there has been discussion of snow but mention of local conditions is new, dominant stress will probably be on <here> in <it rarely snows here>, but in a context in which there has been discussion of local weather but no mention of snow, dominant stress will probably be on <snows>. The personal pronouns and substitute <one> are normally unstressed because they refer to what is prominent in the immediate context. In <I'll go with George> dominant stress is probably on <George>; but if George has just been mentioned prominently (and the trip to be made has been under discussion), what is said is probably <I'll go with him>, and dominant stress is probably on the preposition <with>. When a gesture accompanies <who's he?> the personal pronoun has dominant stress because "he" has not been mentioned previously. If both George and a piece of information George does not have are prominent in the context, but the idea of telling George is new, then dominant stress will probably be on <tell> in <why not tell George?> But when what is new in a particular context is also fairly obvious, there is normally only light stress or no stress at all. Thus the unstressed <it> of <it rarely snows here> gets its significance from its use with <snows>: nothing can snow snow but "it". In <there aren't many young people in the neighborhood> the modifier <young> takes dominant stress away from its head <people>: the fact that the young creatures of interest are people seems rather obvious. If <women> replaced <people>, it would normally have dominant stress. In <I have things to do> the word <things> makes little real contribution to meaning and has weaker stress than <do>. If <work> is substituted for <things> (with more exact contribution to meaning), it will have dominant stress. In <I know one thing> dominant stress is likely to go to <one> rather than to semantically pale <thing>. In <I knew you when you were a child, and you were pretty then> dominant stress on <then> implies that the young woman spoken to is still pretty. Dominant stress on <pretty> would be almost insulting here. In the written language <then> can be underlined or italicized to guide the reader here, but much of the time the written language simply depends on the reader's alertness, and a careless reader will have to back up and reread. Often dominant stress simply indicates a centering of attention or emotion. Thus in <it's incredible what that boy can eat> dominant stress is likely to be on <incredible>, and <eat> will have strong stress also. In <she has it in for George> dominant stress will ordinarily be on <in>, where the notion of stored-up antipathy seems to center. In <we're painting at our garage> strong stress on <at> indicates that the job being done is not real painting but simply an effort at painting. Where there is comparison or contrast dominant stresses normally operate to center attention. Thus in <his friends are stranger than his sisters'> strong stresses are normal for <his> and <sisters'>, but in <his friends are stranger than his sisters> strong stresses are normal for <friends> and <sisters>. In <he's hurting himself more than he's hurting you> both <himself> and <you> have stronger stress than they would ordinarily have if there were no contrast. In <is she Chinese or Japanese?> the desire to contrast the first parts of words which are alike in their last components produces an exceptional disregard of the normal patterns of stress of <Chinese> and <Japanese>. Sometimes strong stress serves to focus an important secondary relationship. Thus in <Mary wrote an account of the trip first> strong stress on <Mary> marks Mary as the first in a series of people who wrote accounts of the trip, strong stress on <wrote> marks the writing as the first of a series of actions of Mary's concerned with an account of her trip (about which she may later have made speeches, for example), and strong stress on <trip> makes the trip the first of a series of subjects about which Mary wrote accounts. In <hunger stimulates man too> the situation is very similar. Strong stress on <hunger> treats hunger as an additional stimulus, strong stress on <stimulates> treats stimulation as an additional effect of hunger, strong stress on <man> treats man as an additional creature who responds to the stimulation of hunger. Here again, in the written language it is possible to help the reader get his stresses right by using underlining or italics, but much of the time there is simply reliance on his understanding in the light of context.   
When a word represents a larger construction of which it is the only expressed part, it normally has more stress than it would have in fully expressed construction. Thus when <yes, I have> is the response to <have you finished reading the paper?> the stress on <have>, which here represents <have finished reading the paper>, is quite strong. In <Mack's the leader at camp, but Jack is here> the <is> of the second main declarative represents <is the leader> and therefore has stress. <Mack's the leader at camp, but Jack's here>, with this <is> deprived of stress, makes <here> the complement in the clause. In <of all the suggestions that were made, his was the silliest> the possessive <his> represents <his suggestion> and is stressed. When <go> represents itself and a complement (being equivalent, say, to <go to Martinique>) in <which boat did Jack go on?> it has strong stress; when it represents only itself and <on which> is its complement (so that <go on> is semantically equivalent to <board>), <on> has stronger stress than <go> does. Omission of a subordinator pronoun, however, does not result in an increase in stress on a prepositional adverb for which the subordinator pronoun would be object. Thus <to> has light stress both in <that was the conclusion that I came to> and in <that was the conclusion I came to>. But when <to> represents <to consciousness> in <that was the moment that I came to>, and similarly in <that was the moment I came to>, there is much stronger stress on <to>. In <I wanted to tell him, but I was afraid to> the final <to> is lightly stressed because it represents <to tell him>. In <to tell him>, of course, <to> is normally unstressed. When <I have instructions to leave> is equivalent in meaning to <I have instructions that I am to leave this place>, dominant stress is ordinarily on <leave>. When the same sequence is equivalent in meaning to <I have instructions which I am to leave>, dominant stress is ordinarily on <instructions>.   
It is clear that patterns of stress sometimes show construction unambiguously in the spoken language where without the help of context it would be ambiguous in the written. Other examples follow. "I'll come by Tuesday. I can't be happy long without drinking water". In the first of these sentences if <by> is the complement of <come> and <Tuesday> is an adjunct of time equivalent to <on Tuesday>, there will be strong stress on <by> in the spoken language; but if a complement for <come> is implied and <by Tuesday> is a prepositional unit used as an adjunct, <by> will be unstressed or lightly stressed at most. In the second sentence if <drinking water> is a gerundial clause and <without drinking water> is roughly equivalent in meaning to <unless I drink water>, there will be stronger stress on <water> than on <drinking>; but if <drinking> is a gerundial noun modifying <water> and <without drinking water> is equivalent to <without water for drinking>, there will be stronger stress on <drinking> than on <water>. But the use of stress in comparison and contrast, for example, can undermine distinctions such as these. And patterns of stress are not always unambiguous by any means. In <the Steiners have busy lives without visiting relatives> only context can indicate whether <visiting relatives> is equivalent in meaning to <paying visits to relatives> or to <relatives who are visiting them>, and in <I looked up the number> and <I looked up the chimney> only the meanings of <number> and <chimney> make it clear that <up> is syntactically a second complement in the first sentence and a preposition followed by its object in the second.

_FRONTIERS._ When the Yalta Conference opened, the American policy of postponing all discussion of Russia's western boundaries until the peace conference had broken down. Starting in great force late in December, from a line stretching from East Prussia to Budapest, the Red armies had swept two hundred miles across Poland to the Oder, thirty miles from Berlin, and the Upper Danube region was being rapidly overrun, while the Western Allies had not yet occupied all of the left bank of the Rhine. The long delay in opening the Second Front was now working to Russia's advantage.

The West was now glad to propose the 1919 Curzon Line, which was substantially Russia's 1941 border, as the boundary between Russia and Poland. When this proposal was made, Stalin spoke with stronger emotion than at any other time during the Conference. He stood up to emphasize his strong feeling on the subject. The bitter memory of Russia's exclusion from the Paris Peace Conference and of the West's effort to stamp out Bolshevism at its birth boiled up within him. "You would drive us into shame", he declared. The White Russians and the Ukrainians would say that Stalin and Molotov were far less reliable defenders of Russia than Curzon and Clemenceau.

Yet after long and earnest discussion Stalin accepted the Curzon Line and even agreed voluntarily that there should be digressions from that line of five to eight kilometers in favor of Poland in some regions. He did not mind the Line itself, which Churchill declared in the House of Commons, on February 27, 1945, he had always believed to be "just and right", but he did not want it called by a hated name. The West had long since forgotten the events of 1919, but it was not so easy for the Red leaders, who felt that they had suffered great injustice in that period.   
In the Dunn-Atherton memorandum of February 4, 1942, the State Department had expected to be able to hold Russia in check by withholding agreement to her 1941 boundaries. Now Stalin made it clear that he meant to move Poland's western borders deep into Germany, back to the western Neisse-Oder River lines, taking not only East Prussia and all of Silesia but Pomerania and the tip of Brandenburg, back to and including Stettin. From six to nine million additional Germans would be evicted, though most would have fled, and Poland would receive far more from Germany than the poor territories, including the great Pripet Marshes, which she lost to Russia. Stalin declared that he preferred to continue the war a little longer, "although it costs us blood", in order to give Poland compensation in the West at the expense of the Germans.   
By this time Churchill was not so cordial toward moving Poland westward as he had been at Teheran, where he and Eden had both heartily approved the idea. After "a prolonged study of the Oder line on a map", at Teheran, Churchill "liked the picture". He would tell the Poles, he said, that they had been "given a fine place to live in, more than three hundred miles each way". At Yalta he thought more about the six million Germans who would have to leave, trying to find work in Germany, and Roosevelt objected to the Western Neisse River being chosen in the south, instead of the Eastern Neisse, both of which flow into the Oder.   
The issue was left in abeyance, presumably for the peace conference. However, there was no real question of the justice of creating a strong Poland, both industrially and agriculturally, and one unplagued by large minorities of Germans or Russians. The moving of millions of the German master-race, from the very heart of Junkerdom, to make room for the Polish Slavs whom they had enslaved and openly planned to exterminate was a drastic operation, but there was little doubt that it was historically justified. _GOVERNMENT._ Of more importance to the West than Poland's boundaries was the character of her government. At Yalta the West still believed that Eastern Europe could be kept in its orbit, in spite of the onrushing Soviet armies. Though little democracy had ever been practised in this region, and much of it was still ruled by feudalistic means, it was taken for granted that at least the forms of Western democracy would be established in this area and Western capitalism preserved within it. Believing devoutly as they did in Anglo-Saxon institutions, it was important to both Roosevelt and Churchill that the Poles should have them.   
The issue was acute because the exiled Polish Government in London, supported in the main by Britain, was still competing with the new Lublin Government formed behind the Red Army. More time was spent in trying to marry these imcompatibles than over any subject discussed at Yalta. The result was an agreement that the Lublin Government should be "reorganized on a broader democratic basis with the inclusion of democratic leaders from Poland itself and from the Poles abroad", and pledged to hold "free and unfettered elections as soon as possible on the basis of universal suffrage and secret ballot". All "democratic and anti-Nazi parties" were to have the right to campaign.

Roosevelt acted as moderator of the long debate on this issue. It was a matter of principle with Churchill, since Britain had declared war in behalf of Poland. To Stalin it was a matter of life and death. He made this completely clear. Speaking with "great earnestness", he said: "For the Russian people, the question of Poland is not only a question of honor but also a question of security. Throughout history, Poland has been the corridor through which the enemy has passed into Russia. Twice in the last thirty years our enemies, the Germans, have passed through this corridor. It is in Russia's interest that Poland should be strong and powerful, in a position to shut the door of this corridor by her own force **h. It is necessary that Poland should be free, independent in power. Therefore, it is not only a question of honor but of life and death for the Soviet state".   
In other words, the Soviet Union was determined to create a Poland so strong as to be a powerful bulwark against Germany and so closely tied to Russia that there would never be any question of her serving as a <cordon sanitaire> against the Soviets or posing as an independent, balancing power in between Russia and Germany. Byrnes says that invariably thereafter the Soviets used the same security argument to justify their course in Poland. This reasoning was also as inevitable as anything could be. Any free elections that were to be held in Poland would have to produce a government in which Moscow had complete confidence, and all pressure from the West for free voting by anti-Soviet elements in Poland would be met by restrictions on voting by these elements.

#6. LIBERATED EUROPE#

In even greater degree the same rule applied to the remainder of Eastern Europe, where the upper classes had generally collaborated with the Nazis, even to the extent of sending millions of their peasants into Russia as a part of Hitler's armies. But at Yalta the conflicting expectations of East and West were merged into an agreement by the Big Three to assist all liberated countries in Europe "to create democratic institutions of their own choice". In any case "<where in their judgment conditions require>" [italics added] they would "form interim governmental authorities broadly representative of all democratic elements in the population and pledged to the earliest possible establishment through free elections of governments responsive to the will of the people". Other similar affirmations in the Declaration on Liberated Europe seemed to assure democratic institutions on the Western model. Later it developed that the Soviets had a very different interpretation of democracy, which will be discussed later, and their judgment never told them that the Big Three should unite in establishing democratic conditions, as we understand them, within their zone of influence.   
Professor McNeill thinks that at Yalta, Stalin did not fully realize the dilemma which faced him, that he thought the exclusion of the anti-Soviet voters from East European elections would not be greatly resented by his allies, while neither Roosevelt nor Churchill frankly faced "the fact that, in Poland at least, genuinely free democratic elections would return governments unfriendly to Russia", by any definition of international friendliness. Also war-time propaganda and cooperation had "obscured the differences between Russian and Western ideas of democracy", and it seemed better to have them covered by verbal formulae than to imperil the military victories over Germany and Japan.   
The application of these formulae could not please both sides, for they really attempted to marry the impossible to the inevitable. While obliged to concede governments in East Europe allied with the Soviet Union instead of opposed to it, we thought we had preserved our social and economic system in East Europe.   
This illusion was described in a far-sighted editorial in the <New York Herald Tribune>, on March 5, 1947, in connection with the submission of the satellite peace treaties to the Senate. In doing so Marshall and Byrnes were "asking for the ratification of a grim lesson in the facts of international life". We had entertained exaggerated ideas about our victory automatically establishing our system throughout the world. "<We were troubled about the fate of the Baltic States. Yalta left us with comforting illusions of a Western capitalist-democratic political economy reigning supreme up to the Curzon line and the borders of Bessarabia>". [Italics added.]   This is a penetrating description of our post-war illusion, which applied to other areas than East Europe. The same editorial continued that "We expected to democratize Japan and Korea and to see a new China pattern itself easily on our institutions. We expected, in short, that most of the world would make itself over in our image and that it would be relatively simple, from such a position, to deal with the localized aberrations of the Soviet Union". Yet actually "the image corresponded in no way to the actualities of the post-war world. Neither our military, our economic nor our ideological power reached far enough" to determine the fate of East Europe. Then the editorial added prophetically: "how far they may reach in Asia is yet undetermined, but they fall far short of our dreams of the war conferences".   
Here is the best short explanation of the origins of the Cold War that has been written. Failing to heed the lesson so clearly contained in the satellite treaties, President Truman re-declared the Cold War on March 12, 1947, in the Truman Doctrine, exactly one week after the <Herald Tribune> editorial was written, and a year after the Cold War had been announced by Churchill at Fulton, Missouri, in Truman's presence. Then China promptly went Communist, and Mr& Truman had to fight the interminable Korean war for the democratization of Korea before we learned how far our writ did "reach in Asia".

In most states, trade and industrial training is provided in a minority of the high schools, usually located in the larger cities. In Arkansas fewer than 6 per cent of the high schools offer trade and industrial courses. In Illinois about 13 per cent of the schools have programs, and in Pennsylvania 11 per cent.   
An important recent trend is the development of area vocational schools. For a number of years Kentucky, Louisiana and several other states have been building state-sponsored vocational education schools that serve nearby school districts in several counties. These schools are intended to provide the facilities and specialized curriculum that would not be possible for very small school districts. Transportation may be provided from nearby school districts. Courses are provided mainly for post high school day programs; but sometimes arrangements also are made for high school students to attend, and evening extension courses also may be conducted.   
The Title /8, program of the National Defense Education Act of 1958 was a great spur to this trend toward area schools. By 1960 there were such schools in all but 4 states. They were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas. An extension of this program into the other distressed areas should be undertaken. _RELATION TO NEW INDUSTRY_ Some of this trend toward area vocational schools has been related to the problems of persistent labor surplus areas and their desire to attract new industry.   
The major training need of a new industrial plant is a short period of pre-employment training for a large number of semi-skilled machine operators. A few key skilled workers experienced in the company's type of work usually must be brought in with the plant manager, or hired away from a similar plant elsewhere. A prospective industry also may be interested in the long-run advantages of training programs in the area to supply future skilled workers and provide supplementary extension courses for its employees.

The existence of a public school vocational training program in trade and industry provides a base from which such needs can be filled. Additional courses can readily be added and special cooperative programs worked out with any new industry if the basic facilities, staff and program are in being. Thus, besides the training provided to youth in school, the existence of the school program can have supplementary benefits to industry which make it an asset to industrial development efforts.   
Few states make effective use of their existing vocational education programs or funds for the purpose of attracting new industry. The opportunity exists for states to reserve some of their vocational education funds to apply on an <ad hoc> flexible basis to subsidize any local preemployment training programs that my be quickly set up in a community to aid a new industrial plant. _LOCAL FOCUS OF PROGRAMS_ The major weakness of vocational training programs in labor surplus areas is their focus on serving solely local job demands. This weakness is not unique to labor surplus areas, for it is inherent in the system of local school districts in this country. Planning of vocational education programs and courses is oriented to local employer needs for trained workers. All the manuals for setting up vocational courses stress the importance of first making a <local> survey of skill needs, of estimating the growth of <local> jobs, and of consulting with <local> employers on the types of courses and their content.   
Furthermore, there is a cautious conservatism on the part of those making local skill surveys. Local jobs can be seen and counted, while opportunities elsewhere are regarded as more hypothetical.

While the U& S& Department of Labor has a program of projecting industry and occupational employment trends and publishing current outlook statements, there is little tangible evidence that these projections have been used extensively in local curriculum planning. The U& S& Office of Education continues to stress local surveys rather than national surveys.   
This procedure is extremely shortsighted in chronic labor surplus areas with a long history of declining employment. Elaborate studies have been made in labor surplus areas in order to identify sufficient numbers of local job vacancies and future replacement needs for certain skills to justify training programs for those skills. No effort is made in the same studies to present information on regional or national demand trends in these skills or to consider whether regional or national demands for other skills might provide much better opportunities for the youth to be trained.   
Moreover, the current information on what types of training are needed and possible is too limited and fragmentary. There simply is not enough material available on the types of job skills that are in demand and the types of training programs that are required or most suitable. Much of the available information comes not from the Federal government but from an exchange of experiences among states. _PROPOSALS_ State and local agencies in the vocational education field must be encouraged to adopt a wider outlook on future job opportunities. There is a need for an expanded Federal effort to provide research and information to help guide state education departments and local school boards in existing programs.   
A related question is whether unemployed workers can be motivated to take the training provided. There is little evidence that existing public or private training programs have any great difficulty getting students to enroll in their programs, even though they must pay tuition, receive no subsistence payments, and are not guaranteed a job. However, there always is some limit to the numbers who will spend the time and effort to acquire training. Again, one major difficulty is the local focus.   
A training program in a depressed area may have few enrollees unless there is some apparent prospect for better employment opportunities afterwards, and the prospect may be poor if the training is aimed solely at jobs in the local community. If there is adequate information on job opportunities for skilled jobs elsewhere, many more workers can be expected to respond.   
Another problem is who will pay for the training. Local school districts are hard pressed financially and unenthusiastic about vocational training. Programs usually are expanded only when outside funds are available or local business leaders demand it. Even industrial development leaders find it hard to win local support for training unless a new industry is in sight and requests it. State governments have been taking the lead in establishing area vocational schools, but their focus is still on area job opportunities. Only the Federal government is likely to be able to take a long-run and nation-wide view and to pay for training to meet national skilled manpower needs.   
If only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education, it could be argued that the state should not have to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states. However, if Federal funds are used, it would be entirely appropriate to train workers for jobs which could be obtained elsewhere as well as for jobs in the area of chronic unemployment. Such training would increase the tendency of workers to leave the area and find jobs in other localities.   
A further possibility is suggested by the example of the G& I& bills and also by some recent trends in attitudes toward improving college education: that is to provide financial assistance to individuals for vocational training when local facilities are inadequate. This probably would require some support for subsistence as well as for tuition, but the total would be no greater than for the proposals of unemployment compensation or a Youth Conservation Corps. A maximum of $600 per year per student would enable many to take training away from home.   
A program of financial assistance would permit placing emphasis on the national interest in training highly skilled labor. Instead of being limited to the poor training facilities in remote areas, the student would be able to move to large institutions of concentrated specialized training. Such specialized training institutions could be located near the most rapidly growing industries, where the equipment and job experience exist and where the future employment opportunities are located. This would heighten possibilities for part-time cooperative, on-the-job and extension training.   
Personal financial assistance would enable more emphasis to be placed on the interests of the individual. His aptitudes and preferences could be given more weight in selecting the proper training.