The jury said it found the court "has incorporated into its operating procedures the recommendations" of two previous grand juries, the Atlanta Bar Association and an interim citizens committee.

"These actions should serve to protect in fact and in effect the court's wards from undue costs and its appointed and elected servants from unmeritorious criticisms", the jury said.   
Regarding Atlanta's new multi-million-dollar airport, the jury recommended "that when the new management takes charge Jan& 1 the airport be operated in a manner that will eliminate political influences".

The jury did not elaborate, but it added that "there should be periodic surveillance of the pricing practices of the concessionaires for the purpose of keeping the prices reasonable".

#ASK JAIL DEPUTIES#

On other matters, the jury recommended that: _(1)_ Four additional deputies be employed at the Fulton County Jail and "a doctor, medical intern or extern be employed for night and weekend duty at the jail". _(2)_ Fulton legislators "work with city officials to pass enabling legislation that will permit the establishment of a fair and equitable" pension plan for city employes.

The jury praised the administration and operation of the Atlanta Police Department, the Fulton Tax Commissioner's Office, the Bellwood and Alpharetta prison farms, Grady Hospital and the Fulton Health Department.

Mayor William B& Hartsfield filed suit for divorce from his wife, Pearl Williams Hartsfield, in Fulton Superior Court Friday. His petition charged mental cruelty.   
The couple was married Aug& 2, 1913. They have a son, William Berry Jr&, and a daughter, Mrs& J& M& Cheshire of Griffin.   
Attorneys for the mayor said that an amicable property settlement has been agreed upon.   
The petition listed the mayor's occupation as "attorney" and his age as 71. It listed his wife's age as 74 and place of birth as Opelika, Ala&.   
The petition said that the couple has not lived together as man and wife for more than a year.
