   This escape from control has led to management's evaluating the risk of occasional irrational prosecution as worth while . A plea of nolo contendere , followed by a nominal fine , after all is a small price to pay for this untrammeled license . ( The penalties handed out in the electrical case , which included jail sentences , were unprecedented in anti-trust prosecutions , perhaps because the conspirators had displayed unusual ineptness in their pricing activities . )   If a substitute mechanism is needed for the control of a fictitious impersonal market , quite obviously some method must be devised for representing the public interest . A secret conspiracy of manufacturers is hardly such a vehicle . However , one can argue that no such control is necessary as long as one pretends that the anti-trust laws are effective and rational . Quite clearly the anti-trust laws are neither effective nor rational -- and yet the argument goes that they should be extended to the labor union .   Those who favor placing trade unions under anti-trust laws imply that they are advocating a brand new reform .   Before 1933 , individuals who opposed trade unions and collective bargaining said so in plain English . The acceptance of collective bargaining as a national policy in 1934 , implicit in the writing of Section 7A of the National Industrial Recovery Act , has made it impolitic to oppose collective bargaining in principle . The Wagner Act , the Taft-Hartley Act and the Landrum-Griffin Act all endorse the principle of collective bargaining .   The basic purpose of an effective collective-bargaining system is the removal of wages from competition . If a union cannot perform this function , then collective bargaining is being palmed off by organizers as a gigantic fraud .   The tortured reasoning that unions use to deny their ambition to exercise monopoly power over the supply and price of labor is one of the things that create a legal profession . The problem must be faced squarely . If laborers are merely commodities competing against each other in a market place like so many bags of wheat and corn ( unsupported , the way , any agricultural subsidy ) , then they may be pardoned for reacting with complete antagonism to a system that imposes such status upon them .   Human labor was exactly that -- a commodity -- in eighteenth- and nineteenth-century America . As early as 1776 , Adam Smith wrote in The Wealth Of Nations : We have no acts of Parliament against combining to lower the price of work ; but many against combining to raise it '' . Eighteenth-century England , upon whose customs our common law was built , had outlawed unions as monopolies and conspiracies .In 1825 , the Boston house carpenters' strike for a ten-hour day was denounced by the organized employers , who declared : It is considered that all combinations by any classes of citizens intended to effect the value of labor tend to convert all its branches into monopolies '' .   There were no pious hypocrisies then about being for collective bargaining ,but against labor monopoly .
