In this fast-paced age when information is digitized, faxed, uplinked, and downloaded, it is appropriate to consider natural languages from the point of view of information theory. That is, we examine the information content of text or messages and the efficiency with which that information is represented. The idea here is not to convert language into some sort of highly efficient, but inhuman, stream of ones and zeroes! That type of efficiency is fine for computers, but not for human beings. In fact, as we shall see, natural languages contain a fair amount of redundancy. While this does not provide us with the most concise form of communication possible, it is a form that is ideally suited to human experience, which, after all, is why it came to be as it is. It cannot be denied that some words are simply longer than they strictly need to be. This is perhaps more noticeable in German than in English. In German, as new words are needed, they are often formed from smaller words already existing. Thus, we have the words Haupthandelsartikel , meaning `staple,' and Autoreparaturwerkstatt , meaning `garage.' If we were to construct a new vocabulary from scratch from the point of view of an extremely orderly, but over-zealous, cataloguer, we might have as the first two words in our dictionary AAAA and AAAB. We would continue in this manner until we reached our last two words, ZZZY and ZZZZ . Our dictionary would contain 456,976 words. This lexicon is of sufficient size to form a rich written language, such as German or English. In fact, we could associate to each English word one of our new words. Thus, the phrase To be, or not to be ? might become THJL BDMN, OQRA NOOP THJL BDMN? (So much for pronounceability!) Of course, in this example, our two-letter words become four-letter words, which hasn't helped keep things concise. But now there is no word longer than four letters. This game of re-cataloguing all our words undoes a natural process which occurs as languages evolve. This is the tendency to shorten frequently used words and to allow less frequently used words to become longer. This trend, known as Zipf's Law , causes common words such as to, in, a , and it to be as short as they are. It would be unthinkable to replace these with ten-letter variants! 
