A Yahoo search for "money" turns up 31 categories and 1,750 sites, confirming the notion that we Americans want a lot of information about it, and not just from pouty blond financial reporters on CNNfn. Of course, a Yahoo search for "sex" yields 46 categories and 3,145 sites, most of which expect you to hand over the money you made applying what you learned from your first search. (And I, for one, am proud to live in a country with 46 categories of sex, most of which Orrin Hatch objects to, but he's history, so the hell with him.) Euphoric with thoughts of money and sex and the crushing defeat of Orrin Hatch, I'm sobered to learn that these totals are surpassed by a search for "cats"-83 categories, 3,432 sites-which I presume means that a lot of people are spending a lot of money on cats, and they expect something more than a handshake and the meowed suggestion that "It's been such a lovely evening; let's not spoil it." Perhaps the ASPCA isn't screening quite as thoroughly as it should. Although it did not overturn Buckley vs. Valeo, the notorious 1976 case that defined political expenditures as speech, the court determined that political contributions were not speech. Antonin Scalia cast his two votes with dissenting Justice Anthony Kennedy, who argued that the decision might limit the influence of the very rich, or so I understand it. "My name is Moira Forbes. I am a junior at Princeton University, and my dad, Steve, is running for President, and I am an alcoholic." So begins a "letter from Moira" touting Youth for Forbes, except for the part about her being an alcoholic. While it makes my head go all funny trying to imagine a young person enthusiastic about the pudgy wealth-inheritor, Moira says there are many reasons kids should dig her daddy the most, and now that she's not drinking, perhaps we should pay attention to what she says. Which of the following are among Moira Forbes' reasons for youth to support her father? Another of dad's embarrassing failures might cause me to slip back into the alcoholic fog that marred my childhood, had any such fog actually existed, which it did not. He's still soliciting new safety slogans so he can stuff the ballot box of a contest being run by MARC, the Baltimore-Washington commuter line he rides to work.
