For almost a hundred years we relied upon state courts (subject to review by the Supreme Court) for the protection of most rights arising under national law. Then in 1875, apparently in response to the nationalizing influence of the Civil War, Congress first gave the lower federal courts general authority- concurrently with state tribunalsto decide cases involving federal-right questions. One purpose of the change was to attain sympathetic enforcement of rights insured by the Civil War amendments against state interference. Serious difficulty arose with the advent of Substantive Due Process. An amendment, presumably designed to deal with the problems of newly freed slaves, became a "laissez-faire" limitation upon state economic policy. A flood of federal lower court injunctions seriously impeded the processes of local government. Congress reacted with a series of measures modifying in various ways what it had granted in 1875. In 1910 it required the convening of a special three-judge court for the issuance of certain injunctions and allowed direct appeals to the Supreme Court. Such legislation was clarified and extended from time to time thereafter. In 1913 an abortive provision was made for the stay of federal injunction proceedings upon institution of state court test cases. The essential ineffectiveness of these measures resulted in 1934 in substantial elimination of federal jurisdiction to enjoin state public utility rate orders. Three years later similar restraints were imposed upon injunctions against collection of state taxes. This saved for state adjudication, in the first instance, the two major areas where federal injunctions had been most obnoxious, but other areas remained vulnerable. Meanwhile, the Supreme Court, like Congress, showed misgivings concerning this aspect of government by injunction. Drawing upon the traditional discretion of the chancellor, Mr& Justice Holmes introduced a series of self-imposed judicial restraints that culminated in Mr& Justice Frankfurter's famous doctrine of abstention. Whereas the earlier cases turned rather narrowly upon the availability of adequate state remedies, the new emphasis is upon the nature of the state policy at issue. The classic case is Railroad Commission v& Pullman. The commission had issued an administrative order which was challenged as discriminatory against Negroes. Its enforcement was enjoined by a federal trial court. On review the Supreme Court, via Mr& Justice Frankfurter, found southern racial problems "a sensitive area of social policy on which the federal courts ought not to enter unless no alternative to **h adjudication is open". An alternative was