It gives me great pleasure to extend to you this invitation to Join the Republican Senatorial Inner Circle in a celebration of our spirit at our Republican National Convention in Houston, Texas, August 16-20.Senator Phil Gramm placed your name in nomination because he feels your accomplishments and commitment to our nation prove you worthy of membership in this prestigious organization. The Republican Senatorial Inner Circle is made up of individuals who meet on a regular basis to discuss national and regional topics in a series of business, political and social gatherings. The 1992 election year offers some extraordinary membership opportunities.The Inner Circle's August meeting will be centered around the Republican National Convention. Your membership will provide you with admittance to our "members only" activities as well as full credentials to all official Convention sessions. We expect the highlight of the Inner Circle event to be an exclusive luncheon with Vice President Dan Quayle. Added to the Convention and the luncheon will be an optional tour of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) headquarters; tickets to the premier social event of the Republican National Convention --The Red, White & Boots gala; and participation in the Inner Circle closed door discussions and briefings. Our panel discussions and candidate briefings allow give-and-take between top level Administration officials, GOP Senators, senator candidates, and Inner Circle members. Each regular meeting of the Inner Circle focuses on specific, timely issues facing our nation, and our guests are always among the foremost experts in their fields. Past Inner Circle briefings have been conducted by Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp, White House Chief of Staff Sam Skinner, Secretary of Defense Dick Cheney, and Chairman of the President's Council of Economic Advisors Michael Boskin. As an Inner Circle member you will receive select seating during the Convention, and special invitations to dinners, receptions and activities throughout the week. Since reservations for our stay in Houston are limited, I hope you will return your Nomination Acceptance today. Of course, the Inner Circle's list of meetings doesn't end with the Republican National Convention. As an Inner Circle member you can expect some of the finest seats on the reviewing stand for the world's greatest celebration of democracy --the 52nd American PresidentialInauguration. This coming January, you will take part in all the glitter and glamour of the official Presidential Inaugural, including the swearing in