George Santayana predicted an unfortunate fate for those who cannot remember the past. What would he say about political leaders who cannot even remember the present? Take, for example, President Clinton's promise in his Democratic Convention speech--repeated more than once in Sunday night's debate--that he would offset the harsh effects of the recently passed welfare rollback by giving "businesses a tax credit for every person hired off welfare and kept employed." What a can't-miss idea. The very words fairly glow: "tax credit," "businesses," "off welfare," "employed." Trouble is, we already have such a tax credit--it just got renewed as part of the minimum-wage bill, and it's a proven failure. The Targeted Jobs Tax Credit (a k a the Work Opportunity Tax Credit) has been a ghastly disappointment ever since it was enacted in 1978. Early analysis showed that most employers using it didn't hire more or different people. Instead, they simply got their accountants to review personnel records at year's end to see who among recent hires might qualify for the tax credit. Tighter rules have, presumably, curbed that abuse, but far more damaging findings emerged from a couple of controlled experiments in Dayton, Ohio, and two cities in Wisconsin. To their surprise and dismay, researchers found that when eligible job seekers (welfare recipients and other categories of "disadvantaged" workers) were sent off to potential employers bearing in hand the tax credits or vouchers that labeled them as high-risk cases, they were less likely--far less likely--to find jobs than if they just applied on their own. And that was back when the tax credit was considerably more generous than it is now. From these and other studies, says Brookings economist Gary Burtless, who participated in many of them, "we can safely conclude that sending someone out in the market saying, 'Hire me, I'm for sale,' is a bad idea." For that matter, so are all the efforts to engineer social and economic behavior through the tax code of which Clinton is so enamored--the embellished tax preferences for buying and selling homes, having a child or putting one in day care, sending the kids to college or going back yourself, saving up for a nursing home, and so on. There's so much evidence on this point that in 1986, both parties in Congress agreed that tax subsidies are, at best, an inefficient way to promote desired behavior, since most of the money goes to pay for things that are going to happen anyway.
