If my experience is of any value to you, maybe it is because I have a foot in both the speaking and non speaking worlds. That is because I lost my ability to speak only within the last year. In the spring of 2004, I was training for my fourth marathon. I noticed that my speech was getting garbled when I was running. This was a bit of a curiosity to me, nothing more, really. But by the summer, it was quite pronounced, and I began having difficulty swallowing. That combination of speech and swallowing issues got my doctor concerned, and I began to see a neurologist. After exhausting all the other possibilities, he diagnosed my illness as ALS, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or Lou Gehrigs disease. ALS is a degenerative disease in which the motor neurons fail. The upper motor neurons carry impulses from the brain to the spinal cord, and the lower motor neurons carry impulses from the spinal cord to the voluntary muscles. In most cases, the motor neurons affecting limb muscles are the first to go, resulting in weakness, atrophy and paralysis of the arms and legs. Eventually the muscles involving speech, swallowing and respiration follow, and death results from respiratory failure. In a smaller number of cases, about 25%, the muscles involved in speech and swallowing go first, and limb paralysis happens later. This rarer order of progression is known as bulbar onset ALS, and it is the form of ALS that I have. An even smaller number of people will die of respiratory failure before extensive limb involvement occurs. In a small number of cases, usually elderly patients, dementia accompanies ALS, but most ALS patients do not have cognitive deficits. Communication without voice is a difficult challenge. There was a period when e-mail acted as the great leveler. People who could not speak could correspond via e-mail asynchronously. It didn't matter how much of a struggle it was to enter text, because we did it on our own time. Then along came chat capabilities, and we were back to disabled. And then the nuclear bomb hit. Voice chat. Just when we thought it was safe to turn to our PC for a level communication field. Damn. Of course, I'm overstating that. E-mail is still a tremendously useful tool. But speech synthesis is a critical capability not only for face to face communication, but for telephone communication and video conferencing and voice chat, and, well, you get the idea.

