The first of these is disambiguation. Paradoxically, linguistic precision is inversely correlated with degree of sentence ambiguity. This is a fact of life encountered by every serious grammar development project. Knowledge representation, once thought to hold the key to the problem of disambiguation, has largely failed to provide completely satisfactory solutions. Most research communities we are aware of that are currently developing large scale, linguistically precise, computational grammars are now exploring the integration of stochastic methods for ambiguity resolution. The second key problem facing the deep processing program – the problem of multiword expressions – is underappreciated in the field at large. There is insufficient ongoing work investigating the nature of this problem or seeking computationally tractable techniques that will contribute to its solution. We define multiword expressions (MWEs) very roughly as “idiosyncratic interpretations that cross word boundaries (or spaces)”. As Jackendoff (1997: 156) notes, the magnitude of this problem is far greater than has traditionally been realized within linguistics. He estimates that the number of MWEs in a speaker’s lexicon is of the same order of magnitude as the number of single words. In fact, it seems likely that this is an underestimate, even if we only include lexicalized phrases. In WordNet 1.7 (Fellbaum 1999), for example, 41% of the entries are multiword. For a wide coverage NLP system, this is almost certainly an underestimate. Specialized domain vocabulary, such as terminology, overwhelmingly consists of MWEs, and a system may have to handle arbitrarily many such domains. As each new domain adds more MWEs than simplex words, the proportion of MWEs will rise as the system adds vocabulary for new domains.  MWEs appear in all text genres and pose significant problems for every kind of NLP. If MWEs are treated by general, compositional methods of linguistic analysis, there is first an overgeneration problem. For example, a generation system that is uninformed about both the patterns of compounding and the particular collocational frequency of the relevant dialect would correctly generate telephone booth (American) or telephone box (British/Australian), but might also generate such perfectly compositional, but unacceptable examples as telephone cabinet, telephone closet, etc. A second problem for this approach is what we will call the idiomaticity problem: how to predict, for example, that an expression like kick the bucket, which appears to conform to the grammar of English VPs, has a meaning unrelated to the meanings of kick, the, and bucket.  Syntactically-idiomatic MWEs can also lead to parsing problems, due to nonconformance with patterns of word combination as predicted by the grammar (e.g. the determinerless in line).
